	Everything was gray.  The asphalt under my feet crumbled into gravel as I walked down a familiar road.  The facades of the buildings that lined the street were all faded, almost beyond recognition.  The stores that lied within were concealed in shadows, abandoned and trashed.  And above it all, the dark looming skies forbode my discovery of a grim reality.  Yet, after five years in isolation and content to finally be free, all of this seemed to be of less import to me at first than it should have been.  The flood of memories from this place where I grew up tainted my perception and numbed my awareness of what was going on.

	I knew that a crisis had been underway, but that didn’t explain where all the people were.  I tried to recall the news headlines from years before, trying to understand what might have happened, but it was tough to remember anything.  The only explanation I could think of was a headline about a new disease that was spreading across the east coast.  ‘Was the whole of Baltimore a victim of a plague?’, I thought, ‘Is that where all the people were?  Dead?’  A sense of unbearable dread came over me at this thought, that I might be completely alone.  I walked faster and faster down the middle of the road.  I noticed only a few cars parked on the street, I hoped that maybe the city was simply evacuated.

	I began running, scanning as best I could the side streets and alleyways, just looking for anyone.  I hollered out in a scared and faltering voice, “Is anyone there?”.  I stopped for a moment, collected my breath, and yelled out again more forcefully.  “Hey!  Can anybody hear me?”  I heard a slight echo far off in the distance.  My uneasiness grew, as I suddenly realized how utterly silent the city was.
	Then, in the alleyway to my right, I heard the sound of gravel shifting.  It looked like a person who had been laying down next to a dumpster was beginning to stand up.  The figure, still drenched in the darkness of the alley, began to walk slowly towards me.  The sense of abandonment that had been consuming me was somewhat relieved, but I still remained cautious.  A low groan rumbled out of him, like he was trying to yell out to me, but lacked the ability to articulate anything meaningful.  As he inched his way out of the alley, it became apparent that he had a considerable limp.  He moved in an awkward and jerky motion, with his back remaining slumped.  I became even more fearful, and that I might be at risk.  Hesitantly, I took a slight step forward to try to get a better view of the person, and called out, “Are you okay?”.  The only answer I received was silence, and the guttural sound of breathing as they still steadily approached.
	Behind this man was another dark figure, slowly walking towards me.  Farther off yet, I was able to make out even more movement.  The lack of any response made me tense.  I was prepared to run, but I still needed to know what was going on.  I looked around for anyone else.  On the other side of the street stood a sickly looking man, as decrepit as the buildings that surrounded him.  He just stood there on the sidewalk.  Even through the gray skies, he was illuminated well enough for me to see the dirt on his gray skin, and a face that was snarling back at me.
	Panic took over me, and I ran down the street in the same direction I had been going.  Immediately I realized my mistake.  I already knew the street behind me had been safe, but it was too late.  My movements had already caused three more people to burst out onto the street and begin chasing me.  I only meant to take a glance, but for a few seconds I stood in complete awe at how wretched and disfigured every one of them were.  And despite their appearances, they were fast.  The man with the limp that had only been moving at a crawl moments before was now wildly sprinting towards me with his arms flailing, as they all were.  I continued to run forward, listening to the chorus of moans grow louder.
	For two blocks I ran as fast as I could.  I tried to look down every alley, every street, and building window, hoping to find a way to escape the mob that was chasing me.  All I found, however, were more of these monsters frantically trying to hunt me down.  My heart was pounding, not just from fear, but also from the limits I was trying to push my body.  My throat was burning from exasperated wheezing, while the rest of my body grew cold from sweat and the cool air.  My vision was getting darker, and my empty stomach threatened to dry heave.  But the fear kept me going.  I just returned to the real world—or what was left of it—and I wasn’t going to let myself get taken away from it again so quickly.
	I took a right down the first street I saw without any more of these people.  For a moment, I let myself believe I was safe and slowed my pace to a jog.  Exhaustion nearly stopped me altogether, but the encroaching mob forced me start running again.  Another block down and I started recognizing the homes of some of my old friends.  The sudden wave of memories was overwhelming even in the midst of this insanity.  These memories were the reason why I came back home; why I had to keep running.
	For another two miles I must have ran. I was already approaching my old high school, but my body was finally succumbing to the exhaustion.  I knew I couldn’t go any farther, I had no choice.  The mob had fallen behind, but was quickly making up the distance as I was stopped in the middle of the road.  It took all my energy not to collapse onto the ground right there.  The grotesque noises that were emanating from the mob were starting to overpower the sound of my uncontrollable gasping and wheezing.  I stood there, closed my eyes, and just gave up hope.
	“Get over here!”, a woman’s voice anxiously yelled.
	It sounded so distant to me.  Was it even real?  I couldn’t tell which direction it even came from, and even if I had, I didn’t have any energy to move.  I looked around confused, until I heard her strong, raspy voice again.
	“Get inside!  I’ll cover you!”
	I now heard where it was coming from, over by the high school.  A woman with a shotgun in her hands was running towards me.  I did my best to hobble towards the main doors, but my pace was no faster than a walk.  Then, I saw who it was that was running past me.
	“Get inside and wait for me.  Keep the doors open!”, she shouted as she passed me.  When she saw me though, her face looked both surprised and confused and she muttered, “Dave…?”.  For a second she seemed to forget where she was.  I was stunned and just stood there looking at her. Before turning her back to me to fend off the hoard, she screamed, “Hurry!”.
	I knew who it was that was saving me and I gained a bit of energy.  I didn’t want her to risk herself saving me anymore than she had to.  I was able to make myself start jogging.  Behind me, I heard three shotgun blasts.  Once I made it to the main doors, I stood there and held one open while I watched her run back.  She stopped once midway to fire one more shot at a man that was chasing her.  She hit him right in the left knee, and he instantly collapsed, unable to move any farther.  As soon as she got in the door, I pulled it shut and got out of her way.  She picked up a bent metal pipe and jammed it between the door handles.
	We were standing in the commons of the high school we had went to.  It was very dark inside.  The heavy clouds didn’t allow much light to reach the windows.  As my eyes adjusted, I could see the lunch tables in the room were all turned on their sides and used to barricade most of the doors and hallways leading to room.  Two of the tables were directly facing the main doors, with a small pile of old, decomposing dead bodies in front of them, with a few more scattered around the room.  I found myself wondering whose bodies they were, and if I had known any of them.
	My friend stepped over one of the tables, grabbed my arm to help guide me over, and said “Come here” while walking towards the far side of the room.  We stood next to the hallway to the wood shop, which had two fallen vending machines in front of it.
	“It’s a good thing I was here to save you!” she exclaimed in a voice that couldn’t hide her excitement.
	I was still out of breath and at a loss for words, but I managed to say, “I really can’t believe it’s you” with a smile on my face. I wanted to pull her in for a hug for our reunion, but she had grabbed some shotgun shells from her jacket pocket and was reloading her gun.
	Once she finished, she said “It’ll be safe in here, I haven’t had a problem with them yet.  Here, follow me.”
	We managed our way up the stairs, which had been blocked off with bookshelves, tables, and desks.  It got even tougher to see upstairs, as there weren’t any windows down the hallway.  I stayed close to her and followed her into our old algebra classroom; another windowless room.  There was a small battery-powered lantern on the table next to the door, which she turned on as we walked in. The dim yellow light was just bright enough to faintly illuminate the room.  On the middle of the floor I saw a sleeping pad laid out, with her backpack and gear next to it.  We left the door open, then she put down her gun and sat on the floor.  She offered me one of her jackets, for which I was grateful since I was just realizing how cold it was.
	Then, I sat down across from Sara and finally got a good look at my old friend.  It had been seven years since I last saw her.  Now, we were both nearly thirty, and she had changed since then.  I saw creases under her cheek bones that I had never noticed before.  Ingrained in the cracks of her skin were layers of dirt, the sum of which darkened her skin tone.  Her smile had become awkward and crooked, almost like she had forgotten how to.  Even the natural beauty that she always had was fading now that she didn’t maintain her cheerful expression.  I had already noticed outside how skinny she had become, a contrast to the athletic build she had before.  Her purple jacket hung loosely off of her small frame.
	We just sat there a moment, unsure where to begin.  I was glad to see Sara, but I knew I had to get some answers about what had happened to everybody, to all those people.  I told her where I was, how I missed out on the last five years, and she shared with me what she knew.
	“It just happened.  There was barely any warning.  It started off as some illness, but somehow it mutated.  People who had it started attacking people who didn’t.  So nearly everybody was either infected, or were killed.  And then we lost the power and didn’t know what was going on.  There was no Internet, or TV, or phones.  There were some emergency broadcasts on the radio, but they just told everyone to evacuate the city.  I left for a few months when I heard that, but it wasn’t any better anywhere else, so I came back.  Apparently, they just wanted to evacuate the city so they could drop the bombs.
	Her voice cracked as she said that, revealing the pain of the personal losses she endured.  She was able to force a smile to hide her grief, “They called it the zombie apocalypse.  Ha.  Everybody just laughed at first when they heard that.  Then… it wasn’t a joke anymore.”
	All pretenses were dropped when she said that.  After a few more seconds of silence, she looked me right in the eyes.  I could see her cold, dark eyes shimmer in the dim light as they began to tear up.  This was a side of Sara I barely knew, and a side that I would never see again.  Her eyes averted back to the ground, and she fought hard against the lump in her throat to finally say this, “There aren’t many of us left Dave.  I’m glad I found you.”
	Sara had given in to her urge to cry.  I didn’t know what to do, or say.  It just became too real for me.  I held my friend in my arms, and just lost control of my thoughts as I still tried to comprehend it all.  It was the end of the world I knew.  It might have even been the end of the world.  ‘There aren’t many of us left Dave.’  These words engraved themselves in my mind and replayed over and over, until I was finally able to appreciate what they meant.  I was one of the lucky few.  I was a survivor.

———————————————————————————————————————

	It had rained all night, but the clouds parted and the sun was out.  The two of us stood on the driveway of Sara’s childhood home. We walked up to front door but I stopped when I saw the grill on her deck.  I wondered if it same one that we used to cook burgers and hot dogs on.  ‘No’, I figured, ‘that was over ten years ago.’  With everything I looked at, I had a problem reconciling the fact that it was the same, but still so different, so alien.  Even the house, which looked the same as it always did, was an unfamiliar sight.  I don’t know if it was the nostalgia distorting my memory, or if it was simply the fact that the world around us had changed so much.
	“I’ve never seen zombies break into this house before, but you always want to check the whole building before you get comfortable.”, Sara offered as advice, unsolicited.  This was the first thing she said since we left the high school that morning.
	She unlocked the front door and pushed it open with her shotgun raised.  I followed her in, with my hands firmly holding the pistol that she gave me.  The living room was filled with light coming from the windows, and what shadows remained were smothered out by her headlamp.  As we walked through the house, the sight of these rooms brought back memories that we shared when we were half our age.  From watching TV on the couch, to playing drinking games at parties, I missed it here.  There were so many places that I never thought I’d see again, and this was one of them.
	After we checked all the rooms, we went into her old bedroom upstairs.  “What did you need to get while we’re here?”, I asked.
	“I’m just going through my old clothes.  I was running low.”
	Her room was a mess, so I had to move some of her clutter out of the way to find a place to sit.  Her room had always been messy though.  Surprisingly, the rest of the house was still clean and organized, as though it had been untouched by the apocalypse.  I wondered if she tried to keep it tidy, if she still came here often.  Her excuse to come here simply for clothes lead me to believe so.
	Sara laid her clothes on the bed, and already had a small suitcase that she started to fill.  I sat tensely watching her door, half-expecting to see a zombie break in at any moment, but she assured me that I didn’t need to worry.
	“They’re only attracted to loud noises and sudden movements. They all have their own personalities, but there aren’t as many really aggressive ones left anymore.”
	“What do you mean really aggressive ones?”
	“The ones that go looking for fights.  They’re more dangerous, but they also get killed first.”
	“Are there enough survivors out there to thin them out like that?”
	“I don’t know.  Probably not.  I think they attack other zombies sometimes though, so they get killed that way too.”
	“That sounds awesome!  I think we should start a zombie fighting ring Sara.  We might make a lot of money too, who knows!”, I joked.  I tried hard to lighten the mood and ease the tension that I felt build up ever since she had opened up to me.  “I guess we’d only be betting against each other though.”
	“If you want to round up some fives, go right ahead.”
	“Uh, what?”, I asked, unsure as to whether or not I should know what she was talking about.
	“I have a ranking thing I do with the zombies.  Fives are the most hostile.”
	“So there are different types of them?”
	“Yup.  A one would be a zombie that’s basically friendly.  You can figure out the rest.”
	“Really? Are there many of those?”
	“No.”
	Her short, un-provocative answer annoyed me.  I just said something to keep the conversation going, “I feel like you could turn one of those zombies into your pet pretty easily then.  You ever try it?”
	“That’s weird you said that.  You remember my dog Charlie?  When he got bit, he was still friendly.”
	“Oh yeah?  Where is he, what happened to him?”
	“I brought him with me when I was getting supplies like I always did.  Then there were some zombies coming at us that he just didn’t try to run away from.  He didn’t even try to defend himself.”
	“I’m sorry about that.  You had him a long time, didn’t you?  When did this happen?”
	“A couple years ago.  I used to bring him everywhere.  Even after all this shit happened.  He was a good dog.”
	I didn’t know what to say to that.  I wanted to change the subject, to help Sara avoid reliving some of the loss she went through.  I myself got lost in thought though, thinking about what all she must have gone through.  She became friends with everyone she met, and she had a good family.  I thought she might have even been starting her own family before everything happened.  There were so many people for her to care about.  And now all of them are dead.  It was easier for me to accept it because, I wasn’t close to as many people.  I guess that was a good thing now, considering it was sparing me the pain.
	These thoughts were troubling, so I tried to just stop thinking.  After a few more minutes, she was ready to go.  As we were walking down the stairs, I suggested to her, “Do you wanna stay here for a little while longer?  Just hang out, like old times?”
	She kept moving like what I just said went right past her.  She walked right up to the front door, and then said “No, we should get going.”  Sara locked the door behind us, and we were on our way.
	The silence that we walked in on our way here was off-putting.  Her house had been a refuge for us both, a faint reminder of the good friends we used to be, and even though our talk was short, it was a start.  I longed for company, for any kind of social interaction, and I had assumed she did as well, but neither of us had said a word.  Perhaps it had been too long and we’d grown too far apart, and the comfortability we felt with each other had faded.  Maybe in her years alone, she had lost—or even suppressed—the basic need for human contact.  All I knew is that silence was the next thing worse to being alone.
	After another quarter mile listening to nothing but the wet crunch of gravel underfoot, I made myself start to talk.  I knew I would need survival gear like hers, so I thought that would be an easy place to start.  “Hey, where can I get—“
	“Shhh!”, she snapped.  In a hushed voice, she hurriedly said, “I don’t want to risk startling anything out here in the open like you did yesterday.  We’ll talk when we get back.”
	The reason for the silence now seemed painfully obvious, but I still wondered if either of my explanations still rang true.

———————————————————————————————————————

	The puddles had evaporated in the sunlight, and the humidity made the long walk across the city uncomfortable.  The entire trek made me feel weak compared to Sara.  The only thing I had was her shotgun, while she carried a full pack and a small suitcase.  After I moved out of the state following graduation, I spent my summers backpacking through the woods, and I would carry packs heavier than that up hills and across rivers.  But there was no peace in these vistas, no serenity at the end of this trail.  The sights I saw were horrifying.  Dead, bloated bodies lined the streets; the constant smell of death mixed with the stench of sewage.  All of this was placed on the background of a decimated city.  Entire blocks were razed, and the skyline was reduced to rubble, caused by the bombs it dropped on itself.  It was hard to imagine many people surviving the self-inflicted wounds that this city suffered.
	I wanted the walk to finally end, but at the same time I was nervous to arrive at our destination.  Our old high school was simply a safe place for Sara to stay when she visited that part of the city.  Her real shelter, her “home”, was by the docks.  I had no place to go but with her.  I needed her, to help protect me until I got used to this world.  And I knew that her home would become my new home as well.
	I didn’t know what to expect when we got there.  As we got closer, I could see the ships still waiting at port.  The storage containers all stood there, just ready for the next crew to unload them.  There was no rust or dirt covering them.  No plants growing from the cracks in the concrete.  It looked like everybody had just taken the day off.  But the knowledge that everything there had laid still for five years made the entire area an eerie place to be.
	We walked up to a metal building on the near side of the port.  On the side of the building was a rolling door, completely closing off a shop.  Sara took us to the left of the main bay, up to a metal door.  She dropped her suitcase down on the ground and stepped over to the side of the building.  I saw her walk up to a Ford truck that was parked there, reach her hand inside the open window, and pick something up from the dash.  She walked back to the door, and used the key that was in her hand to open the padlock that sealed her home.
	I followed her in and watched her place the lock and key on a nearby tool chest.  The light shining in from the door made the shadows in the room even darker and blinded my view, only being able to see more cracks of light sneaking in from seams in the metal roofing.  Sara walked over to the edge of the rolling doors, kneeled down for a moment, then stood back up pulling the garage door up with her.  The piercing noise of the door clanking as it rolled up hurt my ears, which had already adjusted to the deafening sound of silence.  As soon as the door reached the top, I asked her, “Isn’t that a bit loud?”
	Sara answered in a tired voice, “They don’t wander, they just tend to stay in one place, and there aren’t any left in this area.”
	I felt compelled to ask if she was sure, but I knew better.  She pulled in her suitcase, closed the metal door, and latched the same padlock on this side of the door.  I instantly realized the logistical problems this might cause, with the potential for one of us to get locked in, or out.  I would find out soon enough though, that if one of us was gone, we both were.  Neither of us would be alone again.
	“Don’t ever lock the door handle.  There’s no way for me to unlock it from the outside.”,  she droned on in the same tired voice, undermining the importance of what she had to say.
	I looked around the shop for the first time.  It was adequately sized for one, maybe two people, but no bigger than that.  Even with all light shining in from the garage door, it was still dark inside.  Blankets lined most of the walls.  Some were held up by screws, the rest were nailed.  In the back corner of the shop, facing the door, was a wench that hung from the ceiling.  Hanging from this wench was another array of patched blankets, stretching out to the wall and blocking the corner from view.  That must have been her bedroom, I thought, though who she wanted privacy from, I had no idea.
	A long workbench spanned the left wall, from the metal door to Sara’s bedroom.  Next to the tool chest that stood on the end, I could see bolt-cutters and a sledgehammer, among a pile of other useful equipment.  A mess of survival necessities sat further down the bench.  There were several lanterns, both propane and electric, along with their corresponding canisters and batteries.  I also recognized camp stoves and a water pump sitting on the bench.  An excess of tarps and rope filled the area underneath.
	Also on the bench was a vast medical supply.  There were a few large first aid kits, along with an overwhelming amount of bottles, that I assumed were filled with antiseptics, antibiotics, and other medications. The last time I had seen Sara, she was a graduate student in the field of molecular, cellular, and developmental biology.  Even though she was only involved in research and she certainly wasn’t a doctor, I trusted she had a wealth of knowledge in the health sciences.  And with how much supplies she had, she seemed like she was prepared for anything.  For a moment, I amused myself with the idea that she might have been working on a cure.  I decided that was just too optimistic and laughed to myself.
	On the furthest reaches of the workbench, there were guns.  I estimated that there were about five or six rifles laid out, with even more handguns and extra clips strewn about.  Boxes of ammo were stacked against the wall according to their type.  Some stacks were only a single box, and others were nearly a foot high.  Then I noticed that under the bench were several gun cases containing more firearms.  Sara had grabbed our guns walked over there.  She set the pistol down next to some other handguns, and stood the shotgun up so that it just leaned against the bench;  both of which were still fully loaded.
	On the other side of the room in the corner across from Sara’s bedroom were storage bins filled with dehydrated, canned, boxed and sealed food. Several dozen jugs of water sat next to them, along with a couple cases of beer.  There was a small table along the wall.  Several bowls were stacked on it next to a pile of flatware.  On the other side of the table was a propane camp stove with two burners, and a few pots still on it.  Underneath the table was a bucket filled with old water, and a rag resting over the side.

	I was impressed with the set-up.  Everything you would need to survive was here, along with a few amenities.  Keeping all of the supplies well stocked seemed like it might be an ongoing struggle, but if Sara was able to manage it herself, I was sure the two of us would do just fine.  I found myself excited almost.  It had been several years since I had a roommate, and I always enjoyed to constant company.

	Sara left her bags by the door, grabbed a beer, then went straight to her room without saying a word.  I would have felt out of place, but I knew that this was my home now too.  I warmed up and ate two cans of soup to satisfy the feeling of hunger that had been building up over the past couple days.
	I wanted to respect Sara’s privacy, but while I was over there in the kitchen area, I couldn’t help but glance at her room.  She was sitting down on a mattress, reading a book by lamplight. Her entire floor was covered in a layer of blankets.  Next to her was a large stack of books, ranging in size and looking unstable enough to fall over.  A small shelf was also next to her bed, with her lamp and a small digital clock.  ‘Useful’, I thought, ‘too bad there’s no way to set the time.’  A few more smaller items also sat on the shelf, along with a picture.  Even from across the room, I could plainly see the black and white photo, and who it must have been.
	I looked away, feeling ashamed for having seen too much.  It worried me how my old friend had changed so much over the years.  Sara was an enigma to me now.  She was a completely different person, and it made me sad.  Not from the selfishness of losing a close friend; rather I felt sad that she lost who she was.  The life that she lived was gone forever.  She had survived on her own for years, but it just made me wonder what kept her going.  From what I’ve seen, Sara kept her memories close and protected them, but she barely acknowledged them.
	I walked away and stood outside for a moment.  The warmth from the setting sun soothed me.  I sat down, and with my eyes closed, my busy mind was calmed.  I was finally able to appreciate the sound of silence.  Having a real home again excited me, and my fear of this new world waned.  And in a small way, I felt serenity in this place.

———————————————————————————————————————

	I lost my reason to live ages ago, and I never got it back.  All these years of just surviving, but I never had the courage to ask myself what I was surviving for.  I went through so much pain to reach this point.  I had a bed to sleep in, food to eat, fresh water to drink, and electricity to provide me with comfort from the old world.  Was this it?  Was this the prize for being the only one left?
	I tried to find one good memory I had since I returned to this crazy, messed up world.  No matter how brief or insignificant, I couldn’t find one memory worth remembering.  It had been so long since I lost her that all of our memories were reserved to stay in the back of my mind.  Even though I missed those days so much, the pain outweighed it all.  Now that I realized I had nothing to live for, at least I had something to die for.
	I was kneeling next to my bed.  My eyes were closed, and the black void that I saw had a solemn comfort.  I felt pleasure knowing that would be all I would feel from now on. With this gun to my head, I could finally look back on my life for what it was.  I slowly pulled the trigger, and the anticipation lasted a lifetime in itself.

———————————————————————————————————————

	David didn’t remember opening his eyes or dropping the gun.  He just sat there, listening to knocking on his front door that, in his mind, sounded like a melody he had  long forgotten.  He should have been lost in confusion at the sudden occurrence.  It had been at least a decade since he last saw anybody.  Even the people he met along the way were all dead now.  There was nobody that knew where he lived, or even that he was alive.  But he followed the sweet music through the house to see whoever awaited him.
	He looked outside a window, and he saw exactly who he was expecting.  Sara stood there knocking at his door.  She was a zombie, but there she was on his front porch.  He had seen her disappear in a feral mob, when he thought he lost her forever.  And even looking at her now, he could see her the rotting flesh on her disfigured face.  He had no doubt it was her.  He could never forget that face.  She even wore that purple jacket; the one she wore the first time she saved his life, the one she wore when he last saw her.  The jacket was marred with large tears now, revealing large gashes and open wounds on her body.
	Without hesitation, David opened the front door.  When he looked at her again, she wasn’t a zombie, she was his best friend.  She wasn’t scarred from the pain of loss, she was her happy and cheerful self.  True emotion eluded him for so long that when he finally felt it again, it overwhelmed him.  The world he saw was now bright, and full of color.  The sun was shining and he felt warm again.  This singular moment was the happiest that David had ever been.
	Sara greeted him with her beautiful smile and playful eyes.  She acted as though they were never separated, like they were still close friends and were both kids again.  They walked out onto the street.  David lived near the coast now, and they began to slowly travel down the road together towards the beach.  He made jokes, and she laughed.  She talked to him and acted like she was glad they were there together.
	David knew how impossible this all was.  As the walked down the main street of a small town, he looked around and saw the world as it used to be; as it should have been.  Children were on the sidewalk on their way to school.  A nearby coffee shop was filled with people engrossed with their phones and computers.  He could even see an ice cream truck driving down the street.
	But at the same time, David could see they were all dead.  With everyone he looked at, he saw their zombie name, something he hadn’t done since he lost Sara.  The mother walking her children to school: Two. Soccer mom.  The man that stood behind the counter of a local convenience store: Three.  Store clerk.  A young woman strutting down the sidewalk: Three. Beautiful.  He lost track of which world was real, and didn’t know what to believe anymore.
	The two friends approached the beach.  As they did, David felt a heaviness pull down inside him.  He felt cold.  The sky was no longer bright, and the colors became lost, until everything was gray.  They were both standing on the sand at the edge of the beach.  He looked at his best friend, but all that stared back at him were the cold, dead eyes of a zombie.  They were everywhere, and they surrounded him.  He thought to himself, ‘This is it.  After all these years, this is the day I finally get to die.’  A zombie stepped up to him and clawed his side with her long, jagged fingernails.  His mind began to fade as he started to turn.  But as it faded away, the colors started to come back.  His peace returned, and staring right back at him now, was his best friend.  He felt content, knowing that his final memory was of happiness.  And before he was completely gone, he had one last thought.  One.  Nut.
