Ambitionz Az A Ridah by 2Pac
[Hook]
I won't deny it, I'm a straight ridah
You don't wanna fuck with me
Got the police bustin' at me
But they can't do nothing to a G
Let's get ready to rumble
[Intro]
Now you know how we do it like a G
What really go on in the mind of a nigga
That get down for theirs
Constantly, money over bitches
Not bitches over money
Stay on your grind, nigga
My ambitions as a ridah
My ambitions as a ridah
[Verse 1]
So many battlefield scars while driven in plush cars
This life as a rap star is nothing without guard
Was born rough and rugged, addressing the mass public
My attitude was "fuck it", cause motherfuckers love it
To be a soldier, must maintain composure at ease
Though life is complicated, only what you make it to be
Uh, and my ambitions as a ridah to catch her
While she hot and horny, go up inside her
Then I spit some game in her ear, "go to the telly, ho"
Equipped with money in a Benz, cause bitch I'm barely broke
I'm smoking bomb ass weed, feeling crucial
From player to player, the game's tight, the feeling's mutual
From hustling and prayers, to breaking motherfuckers to pay up
I got no time for these bitches, cause these hoes try to play us
I'm on a meal ticket mission, want a mill, so I'm wishing
Competition got me ripped, on that bullshit they stressing (booyah!)
I'mma rhyme though, clown hoes like it's mandatory
No guts no glory, my nigga, bitch got the game distorted
Now it's on and it's on because I said so
Can't trust a bitch in the business so I got with Death Row
Now these money hungry bitches getting suspicious
Started plotting and planning on schemes, to come and trick us
But thug niggas be on point and game tight
Me, Syke and Bogart, strapped up the same night
Got problems then handle it, motherfuckers see me
These niggas is jealous cause deep in they heart they wanna be me
Uh, yeah, and now ya got me right beside ya
Hoping you listen I catch you paying attention
To my ambitions as a ridah
[Hook]
[Verse 2]
Peep it, it was my only wish to rise
Above these jealous coward motherfuckers I despise
When it's time to ride, I was the first off this side, give me the nine
I'm ready to die right here tonight, and motherfuck they life (yeah nigga!)
That's what they screaming as they drill me, but I'm hard to kill (that's all you niggas got?)
So open fire, I see you kill me, witness my steel
Spitting at adversaries, envious and after me
I'd rather die before they capture me, watch me bleed
Mama come rescue me I'm suicidal, thinking thoughts
I'm innocent, so there'll be bullets flying when I'm caught
(Shoot!) Fuck doing jail time, better day, sacrificing
Won't get a chance to do me like they did my nigga Tyson
Thugging for life, and if you right, then nigga die for it
Let them other brothers try, at least you tried for it
When it's time to die, to be a man, you pick the way you leave
Fuck peace and the police, my ambitions as a ridah
[Hook]
[Verse 3]
My murderous lyrics equipped with spirits of the thugs before me
Pay off the block, evade the cops cause I know they coming for me
I been hesitant to reappear, been away for years
Now I'm back my adversaries been reduced to tears
Question my methods to switch up speeds, sure as some bitches bleed
Niggas'll feel the fire of my mother's corrupted seed
Blast me but they didn't finish, (buck buck buck buck buck)
Didn't diminish my powers
So now I'm back to be a motherfucking menace, they cowards
That's why they tried to set me up
Had bitch ass niggas on my team, so indeed, they wet me up
But I'm back reincarnated, incarcerated
At the time I contemplate the way that God made it
Lace em with lyrics that's legendary, musical mercenary
For money, I'll have these motherfuckers buried (I been)
Getting much mail in jail, niggas telling me to kill it
Knowing when I get out, they gon' feel it
Witness the realest, a hoo-ridah when I put the shit inside
The cry from all your people when they find her
Just remind ya, my history'll prove authentic
Revenge on them niggas that played me
And all the cowards that was down with it
Now it's yo nigga right beside ya
Hoping you listening, catch you paying attention
To my ambitions as a ridah

All About U by 2Pac
[Intro]
[2Pac] Ahh yeah!
[Down] Yeauhh!
[2Pac] It's all about you, one time!
[Down] I'mma say it's all about you baby, yeah!
[2Pac] Haha, for the bitches that think it's all about you - it's all about you!
[Down] This Dru Down in the house, with my boy 'Pizznac, youknowhatimsayin'?
[2Pac] It's all about you
[Down] Yeah I'm gon' say it's all about you, but you know I'm lyin' though, hah! Yeauhh
[Verse 1: 2Pac]
You probably crooked as the last trick
Want to laugh about how I got my ass caught up with this bad bitch
Thinkin' I had her but she had me in the long run
It's just my luck, I'm stuck with fuckin' with the wrong one
Wise decisions, based on lies we livin'
Scandalous times, this game's like my religion
You could be rollin' with a thug
Instead you with this weak scrub, lookin' for some love
In every club
I see you starin' like you want it
Well baby, if you got it, better flaunt it
Let the liquor help you get up on it
I'm still tipsy from last night
Bumpin' these walls as I pause
Addicted to the fast life
I try to holla, but you tell me you taken
Sayin' you ain't impressed, with the money I'm makin'
Guess it's true what they tellin' me
Fresh out of jail, life's hell for a black celebrity
So that's the reason why I call, and maybe you with it
Fantasies of us sweatin', can I hit it?
Addicted to the things you do, but still true, what I'm sayin', boo
Is this is all about you
[Hook: Nate Dogg] (x2)
Every other city we go, every other vi-de-o
No matter where I go, I see the same ho
[Verse 2: 2Pac]
I make a promise if you go with me
Just let me know, I'll have you hollerin' my name out before I leave
Nobody loves me, I'm a thug nigga
I only hung out with the criminals and drug dealers
I love niggas cause we comin' from the same place
Witness me holla at a hoochie, see how quick the game takes
How can I tell her I'm a playa, and I don't even care
Creep low, weed smoke's in the air
Everywhere I go, it's all about the groupie hoes
Waitin' for niggas at the end of every show
I just seen you in my friend's video
Could never put a bitch before my friends, so here we go
Follow the leader and peep the drama that I'm goin' through
It's all about you, yeah nigga
[Hook] (x2)
[Verse 3]
[Hussein Fatal]
Is you sick from the dick, or is it the flu?
It ain't about you or your bitch ass crew
Every other city we go and every video
Explain to a nigga why I see the same shitty ho
You think it's all about you? Well boo, I gets down like Dru
And my nasty new niggas, too
[Yaki Kadafi]
You couldn't hold me back, it'd take a fatter track
A lyrical attack, perhaps, it was a visual bluff
When I started to snaps all your rode 'em swoll
Straight in control, flows'll fold, while hoes cold stroll
Hold the set, I told Dramacy' go in next
Gold digging, cold digging a gold Rolex
[Hussein Fatal]
I slide in easily, try a grizzly
Sluts know the cuts, I came to fuck, try skeezin' me
Runnin' up in ya just like Bruce Jenner when I bend ya
At the most, I fucked a bitch from the west coast to West Virginia
[Hook] (x4)
[Outro: Snoop Doggy Dogg]
I'm tellin' ya, it's the same ol' shit
I mean ... god damn, youknowhatimsayin'?
I'm sittin' back, watchin' Montell Jordan video
I see the same bitch, who was in my homeboy Nate Dogg video
Then I flip the channel
I'm checkin' out my homeboy 2Pac video
I see the same bitch that was in my video, yaknahmsayin'?
And then, yaknahmsayin', what make that even mo' fucked up
I'm watchin' a Million Man March
And I see the same bitch, on the Million Man March
That was in the homeboy Warren G video
I mean - damn - everywhere I look, everywhere I go
I see the same ho
Don't get mad, I'm only bein' real
Yeah

Skandalouz by 2Pac
[Intro: 2Pac]
Hey Nate, you know you got the vocals on this motherfucker
We's gonna talk about these scandalous hoes
[Nate]
I can talk about scandalous bitches
[2Pac]
Oh I know you can!
I know you that's why we gonna do it
Daz on the beat
Hey Daz, nigga stop fuckin around with the piano nigga
Just drop that shit like uhh, this here
[Verse 1: 2Pac]
I met you through my homie now you act like you don't know me
So disappointed cause baby that shit was so phony
It's not for me, you see no lovin from my closest homies
Woulda paid you no mind, but baby you was all up on me
While you proceed with precision, you had the table hosed
No, I ain't mad at you baby, go 'head and play them fools
They chose not to listen, so now he stuck inside his house
And can't leave without his bitch permission
The mission's to be a playa, my alias is Boss
Drop a top on these jealous niggas, playa let me floss
Y'all don't wanna see me in pain
I'll leave that ass like Toni Braxton, never breathin' again
It's scandalous, I never liked your back stabbin ass, triiick
Used to watch you money grabbin, who you baggin beeyitch?
Ready to bust, in the city you don't know who to trust
But bitches lookin scandalous
[Hook: Nate Dogg]
Scandalous.. she's so scandalous, she's so scandalous
She's so scandalous.. she's so scandalous, she's so scandalous
Scandalous.. she's so scandalous, she's so scandalous
She's so scandalous.. she's so scandalous, she's so scandalous
[Verse 2: 2Pac]
How's it hangin'? Cause baby from the back the shit is bangin'
I've been stressing in this ghetto game, trying to do my thang
Won't be no bullshit, no ass-kissin
This bitch'll have ya wakin up with all your cash missin
I'm askin, as if I'm qualified to analyze
You're lookin at a bitch who specialize in tellin lies
She got a body make a motherfucker fantasize
Her face ain't never shed a tear through them scandalous eyes
My sister precious in poverty
Plus I knew she was a freak bitch so why should it bother me?
I'd probably be sprung, addicted to the heat of her tongue
And though I don't where we're goin, she's makin me come
I've been trained as a boss playa, so what you saying?
Let me show you, got some hookers we can toss later
Before I let her get me, I got her
Went in her purse took a hundred dollars
Nigga I'm so scandalous
[Hook]
[Verse 3: 2Pac]
Dangerous and ambitious, while schemin on gettin riches
I'm spittin at tricks cause I'm addicted to pretty bitches
Currency motivated, not easily terminated
Now that we made it, my niggas can never be faded
This is my prophecy -- I gotta be paid
All you cowards that try to stop me is beggin for early graves
I thought we was cool, I was a fool, thinkin you could be true
When I don't fuck with your punk crew
These are the tales for my niggas doin time in the cell
I went from hell, to livin well
Busting at niggas who said my name in vain
I got no time for them tricks, I'm heavy in the game
I wanna be a baller, please
But the bitches and the liquor keep on calling me
I'm tokin' free on the highway, formulatin plans
Can't wait til I see L.A., cause it's so scandalous
[Hook]
[Outro: 2Pac]
Aiyyo.. how the prettiest bitch be the more scandalous the ho be
You ever peep that shit? (Nah)
A bitch can be like 15, fucking with a nigga 35
Gettin him for everything
Hoes these days is way too motherfucking intelligent
When these niggas get to tricking, hahaha, it's over then
That's aight though
Keep a nigga heavy in the game, bout so long
Watch them hoes
All you niggas out there
Beware these lying ass scandalous bitches

Got My Mind Made Up
[Verse 1: Daz Dillinger]
You find an MC like me who's strong
Leaving motherfuckers aborted with no verbal support
And when I command the microphone I get deadly as Khan though
With a bear and a snake and a panda, I'm all those
Who can withstand the more power I gain
And make it possible for me to drop a few to wreck your brain
Imagine and keep on wishing upon a star
Finally realizing who the fuck we are
When I penetrate, it's been withstanding, faded
Would it be the greatest MC of all time when I created rhyme
For the simple fact, when I attack, I crush your pride
My intention to ride, every time on lye
I'm faced with the scars beyond this one bar
For me to put down my guard, I'm faced what I'ma ride
Breaking in gas with the '68 all day
In-and-out with my pay, I'm soon to count the bodies
[Verse 2: 2Pac]
So mandatory my elevation, my lyrics like orientation
So you can be more familiar with the nigga you facing
We must be patient, nothing better than communication
Known to damage and highly flammable like gas stations
Sorry I left that ass waiting
No more procrastination, give up to fate and get that ass shaking
I'm busting and making motherfuckers panic
Don't take your life for granted
Put that ass in the dirt, you swear the bitch was planted
My lyrics motivate the planet
It's similar to Rhythm Nation, but thugged out, forgive me, Janet
Who's in control, I'm activating your souls
You know the way the games get controlled
Yo, two years ago, a friend of mine
Told me Alize and Cristal blows your mind
Bear witness to the dopest fucking rhyme I wrote
Taking off my coat, clearing my throat
[Hook: Method Man]
I got my mind made up, come on
Get in, get into
Let it ride, tonight's the night
I got my mind made up, come on
Get into, get into
Let it ride, tonight's the night
[Verse 3: Kurupt]
Well I comes through with two packs of the bomb prophylacts
For protection so my fucking sac won't collapse
Cause nowadays, shit's evading the X-rays
Sending young motherfuckers to an early grave
I wonder if my terrifying tactics of torturing MC's
Shows my heart's as cold as the tundra
Electrifying like thunder, I'm just too much
Rough and raw with that motherfucking poisonous touch
I'm an MC with lyrics that's the fuckin' Bombay
You got ten steps before instant death like Bai Mei
My rhymes'll leave a mark on your mind
As the deadly virus spread through your head like Sand Palm
There's no escape, nah, I ain't blastin'
I use my mental to assassinate assassin's for those askin''
Opposed to laughin', raw maniacal villain
Laughter enhances the chances of the killin'
Why is that? Cause smiling faces deceive
You best believe: to MC's, I'm the deadliest disease
My thoughts rip your throat and make it hard to breathe
Your whole camp's under siege and I'm Jason Voorhees
In the heat of the night is when I defeat and ignite mics
My verbal snipe your vocabs on site
I'm out the cut, uncut and raw with no clause for all
So all my rhymes hit and split the bricks on the wall
You already have an idea about the superior sphere
The greater rhyme creator on both sides of the Equator
I rock from here to there, to Philly and back
To LA on the spot where I rock and bust like straps
As your views get overshadowed when you come in contact
Beware, set and prepare to enter verbal combat
[Verse 4: Method Man]
Fuck you losers, while you fake jacks, I makes manoeuvres
Like Hitler, sticking up Jews with German Lugers
The Mr. Meth-Tical from Staten Isle
Will be back after this message, don't touch the dial
Rarely do you see an MC out for justice
Got my gun powder and my musket, blaow
Melons get swellings, I paint mental pictures like Magellan
Half of my Clan's repeat felons
Niggas best protect they joints for nine-nickel
Man, I stay on point like icicles
Now who wanna test Tical, then touch Tical
All up in your motherfucking mouth
Headbanger boogie, catch me on tour with Al Doogie
Method Man rolled too tight, you can't pull me
Better take one and pass or that's that ass
Your vital statistics are low and falling fast
Johnny Blaze out to get loot like Johnny Cash
Play a game of Russian Roulette and have a blast
[Verse 5: Redman]
Lyrical gats spitting the criminal tactics
Non-believers get my dick and genitals backwards
Let's face it, there's no replacement
Taste this mad underground basement shit I'm laced with
Avalanche on your whole camp when I'm spliffted
Funk Doctor who, Spock, bitch, don't get it twisted
I got connects like Federal Express
To get the fresh package of bless the dogs can't fetch
Got the clear spot from the rear block
To bust 'till every nigga here drop, men I fear not
Hold your nose and blow out 'till your ears pop
Since your crew suit you to shift, now you claim that your gears locked
Whiff this underground cannabis
I'm dangerous like John the Bomb Analyst
Flip MC's like ki's
My degrees freeze consecutively like EPMD LP's
Lick off a shot and hit your fam by mistake
So I erase the whole front row at the wake
I planned my escape in case Jake wann' snake bust it
I'm the one pushing the hearse in the first place
Confidence for you shaky-ass folks
Pump for Rockefeller for the day he got smoked
Choke off this antidote, got you ope
Get roast by my lyrical Billy Dee .45 Colt
And I'm out for 9-nickel
*in the background*
[INS the rebel]

How Do U Want It by 2Pac
[Hook: KC and JoJo (x2)]
How do you want it?
How does it feel?
Coming up as a nigga in the cash game
Living in the fast lane
I'm for real
[Verse 1: 2Pac]
Love the way you activate your hips and push your ass out
Got a nigga wanting it so bad, I'm about to pass out
Wanna dig you, and I can't even lie about it
Baby just alleviate your clothes, time to fly up out it
Catch you at a club, oh shit you got me feening
Body talking shit to me but I can't comprehend the meaning
Now, if you wanna roll with me, then here's your chance
Doin' eighty on the freeway, police catch me if you can
Forgive me I'm a rider, still I'm just a simple man
All I want is money, fuck the fame I'm a simple man
Mr. International, player with the passport
Just like Aladdin bitch, get you anything you ask for
It's either him or me - Champagne, Hennessy
A favorite of my homies when we floss on our enemies
Witness as we creep to a low speed, peep what a ho need
Puff some mo' weed, funk, ya don't need
Approaching hoochies with a passion, been a long day
But I've been driven by attraction in a strong way
Your body is banging baby I love it when you flaunt it
Time to give it to daddy, nigga, now tell me how you want it
[Hook]
[Verse 2]
Tell me is it cool to fuck?
Did you think I come to talk?
Am I a fool or what?
Positions on the floor
It's like erotic
Ironic, cause I'm somewhat psychotic
I'm hitting switches on bitches like I been fixed with hydraulics
Up and down like a roller coaster
I'm up inside ya, I ain't quitting til the show is over
Cause I'm a rider, in and out just like a robbery, I'll probably be a freak and let you get on top of me
Get her rocking these
Nights full of Alize
A living legend you ain't heard about
These niggas play these Cali days
C. Delores Tucker, you's a motherfucker
Instead of trying to help a nigga you destroy a brother
Worse than the others; Bill Clinton, Mr. Bob Dole
You're too old to understand the way the game's told
You're lame so I gotta hit you with the hot facts
Once I'm released, I'm making millions, nigga, top that
They wanna censor me; they'd rather see me in a cell
Living in hell - only a few of us'll live to tell
Now everybody talking about us I could give a fuck
I'd be the first one to bomb and cuss
Nigga, tell me how you want it
[Hook]
[Verse 3]
Raised as a youth
Tell the truth, I got the scoop
On how to get a bulletproof
Cause I jumped from the roof
'fore I was a teenager, mobile phone, Skypager
Game rules, I'm livin' major - my adversaries
Is lookin' worried, they paranoid of gettin' buried
One of us gonna see the cemetery
My only hope to survive if I wish to stay alive
Gettin' high, see the demons in my eyes, before I die
I wanna live my life and ball, make a couple million
And then I'm chillin' fade 'em all
These taxes got me crossed up and people tryin' to sue me
Media is in my business and they actin' like they know me
But I'mma mash out and peel out
I’m with a clique that’s quick to whip that fuckin' steel out
Yeah nigga, it's some new shit so better get up on it
When you see me, tell a nigga how you want it
How do you want it?
[Hook]
Me and my Nigga Johnny J...yeah we out

2 of Amerikaz Most Wanted by 2Pac
[Intro: 2Pac](Snoop)
Ain't nothin' but a gangsta party
Ahh shit, you done fucked up now
You done put two of America's most wanted in the same
Motherfuckin' place at the same motherfuckin' time
Y'all niggas about to feel this
Break out the champagne glasses and the motherfuckin' condoms
Have one on us aight
(A Toast to the gangsters)
[Verse 1]
[2Pac]
Picture perfect, I paint a perfect picture
Bomb the hoochies with precision, my intention's to get richer
With the S-N double-O-P, Dogg my fuckin' homie
You'se a cold-ass nigga on them hogs
[Snoop]
Sho' 'nuff
I keep my hand on my gun, cause they got me on the run
Now I'm back in the courtroom waitin' on the outcome
Free 2Pac is all that's on a nigga's mind
But at the same time it seems, they tryin' to take mine
So I'mma get smart and get defensive and shit
And put together a Million March for some gangsta shit
[2Pac]
So now they got us laced
Two multimillionare motherfuckers catchin' cases
Bitches get ready for the throw down, the shit's about to go down
Me and Snoop about to clown
I'm losin' my religion
I'm vicious on these stool pigeons
You might be deep in this game, but you got the rules missing
Niggas be actin' like they savage, they out to get the cabbage
I've got nothin' but love for my niggas living lavish
[Snoop]
I've got a pit named Petey, she Nigerina
I've got a house out in the hills right next to Chino
And ... I think I've got a black Bimmer
But my dream's to own a fly casino
Like Bugsy Siegel, and do it all legal
And get scooped up by the little homie in the Regal
It feels good to you baby-bubba
You see, this is for the G's and the keys, motherfucker
[2Pac]
Now follow as we ride
Motherfuck the rest, two of the best from the westside
And I can make you famous
Niggas been dyin' for years so how could they blame us
I live in fear of a felony
I never stop bailin' these
Motherfuckin' G's
If you got it better flaunt it
Another warrant for 2 of America's most wanted
[Hook several times w/ minor variations]
Ain't nothin' but a gangsta party
It ain't nothin' but a motherfucking gangsta party
[Verse 2]
[2Pac]
Now give me fifty feet
Defeat is not my destiny, release me to the streets
And keep whatever's left of me
Jealousy is misery, suffering is grief
Better be prepared when you cowards fuck with me, I bust and flee
"These niggas must be crazy, what?"
There ain't no mercy, motherfuckers who can't fade the thugs
You thought it was but it wasn't, now disappear
Bow down in the presence of a boss player
[Snoop]
It's like Cuz/Blood gang-bangin'
Everybody in the party doin' dope-slangin'
You gotta have papers in this world
You might get your first snatch before your eyes swirl
You doin' your job every day
And then you work so hard 'til your hair turns gray
Let me tell you about life and about the way it is
You see, we live by the gun, so we die by the guns, kids
[2Pac]
They tell me not to roll with my Glock
So now I gotta throw away
Floating in the black Benz, trying to do a show a day
They wonder how I live with five shots
Niggas is hard to kill on my block
Schemes for currency and dough-related
Affiliated with the hustlers, so we made it
No answers to questions, I'm trying to get up on it
My nigga Dogg with me, eternally the most wanted
[Hook]

No More Pain by 2Pac
[Intro: 2Pac]
Hey DeVante
Nigga, don'tcha know we're gonna sow up every bitch in the country
Me and you, up in the same motherfuckin room
On the same level
This shit here, hahahaha
Please, no more pain
That's right nigga
Hey drop that shit boy
[Verse 1: 2Pac]
My adversaries cry like hoes fully eradicate my foes
My lyrics explode on contact, gamin you hoes
Who else but Mama's only son, fuck the phony niggas I'm the one
Say my name, watch bitches come, now fire
When ready, stay watchin our figure, increase speed
Make you motherfuckers bleed from your mouth quicker
Plus all these niggas that you run with, be on some dumb shit
Trickin on hoes, I ain't the one bitch
Holla my name and witness game official, it's so sick
Have every single bitch that came witchu, on my dick
Plus this alcohol increases the chance to be deceased
I'm movin you stupid bitches, vicious telekenesis
Am I reachin your brain? Nigga how can I explain?
How vicious this Thug motherfucker came
When I die, I want to be a living legend, say my name
Affiliated with this motherfuckin game, with no more pain
[Hook: (interpretation of Method Man's "Bring the Pain")]
I came to bring the pain, hardcore to the brain
Let's go inside my astral plane (no more pain) [variations]
(Repeat 4X)
[Verse 2: 2Pac]
Line up my adversaries, blast on sight, and fuck your boyfriend
Bitch, I want some ass tonight, you know my steelo
Alize and Cristal, weed sure you heard of all the
Freaky shit they say about me, huh
Plus all you busters is jealous, pull your gun out and blast
I dare you niggas to open fire, I'll murder that ass
And disappear before the cops come runnin, my Glock's spittin rounds
Niggas fallin down clutchin they stomach
It's Westside, Death Row, Thug niggas on the rise
Busters shot me five times, real niggas don't die
Can ya hear me? Laced with this game, I know you fear me
Spit the secret to war, so cowards fear me
My only fear of death is reincarnation
Heart of a solider with a brain to teach your whole nation
And feelin no more pain
[Hook 4X]
[Verse 3: 2Pac]
Bury me that's what they all say, it's time to make a killin
Sure to make a million with DeVante
Bitch I know you want me, what your mouth say? Now, watch your eyes
You don't wanna get with me, that's a lie
I got my hands on your hips, no time to bullshit
Freaky bitch, come give me kiss
Tell them niggas from other areas, brothers from here
So obsessed with this money makin it ain't nothin we fear
Now they label me a troublemaker, cause I'm a ridah
Death to you playa haters, don't let me find ya
Mama made me rugged, Baptize the public
Now you all thugs, nigga don't you love it
It's similar to multiple gunshots, retaliation is a must
Wasn't too sure what you facin so watch the guns bust
You niggas'll bleed, fuckin with me you'll be deceased
Never restin in peace nigga, with no more pain
[Hook 8X]
[2Pac talking over the Hook]
Hahahahaha, yeah nigga, yeah! Hahahaha
No more pain
It's just like that nigga, like that yeah
No more pain
Motherfuckers can't handle that shit
Much too much for these bitches
No more pain
Feel me nigga? Feel me?
How you figure you can fuck with me?
Fully automatic type shit
No more pain
Coward ass niggas, cowards
Come put your mouth on this pistol nigga
Come put your mouth on the pistol, no more pain
Close your eyes nigga, do it
Die in the dark, no more pain
Death Row, so what you motherfuckers do?
Hey that's DeVante droppin that beat like that BEYATCH
In case you wonderin
And jealous niggas, hahaha, see y'all niggas
Motherfuckin niggas are shit
Hey
[Hook being whispered in the background:]
Westsiiiiiide! Death to everybody that ain't down with me
That's on, feel me? Hahaha
Oh yeah, to the cowards, you know who you are, it's still Bad Boy Killa
Just feel that, Thug Life, shit don't stop
Fat motherfuckers got Downs Syndrome, motherfuckers
Weak ass niggas, dancers turned fuckin C.E..O.'s
Put your mouth on this pistol nigga
Put your mouth on the pistol!
Hahahaha, yeah nigga no more pain
Prison ain't changed me nigga, it made me worse
Feel me nigga, haha
No more pain
Hey DeVante I'm givin these motherfuckers choices
Niggas can roll with us, or they can be rolled up under us
That's on you nigga, what you wanna do?
Last year we was lettin these niggas kick up dust
This year you motherfuckers gonna be dust
Thug Life nigga Westsiiide!

Heartz of Men by 2Pac
[Intro]
Hey Suge, what I tell you, nigga
When I come out of jail, what was I gonna do
I was gonna start diggin' into these niggas' chest, right
Watch this
Hey Quik, let me get them binoculars, nigga, the binoculars
Hahahaha, yeah nigga, time to ride
Grab your bulletproof vest nigga
Cause it's gonna be a long one
Now me and Quik gonna show you niggas what it's like on this side - the real side
Now, on this ride there's gonna be some real motherfuckers
And there's gonna be some pussies
Now the real niggas gonna be the ones with money and bitches
The pussies are gonna be the niggas on the floor bleedin'
Now everybody keep your eyes on the prize cause the ride get tricky
See, you got some niggas on your side that say they're your friends, but in real life they your enemies
And then you got some motherfuckers that say they your enemies
But in real life they eyes is on your money
See, the enemies will say they true
But in real life those niggas will be the snitches
It's a dirty game, y'all
Y'all gotta be careful about who you fuck with and who you don't fuck with
Cause the shit get wild, y'all
Keep your mind on your riches, baby
Keep your mind on your riches
[Verse 1]
9-1-1! It's an emergency, cowards tried to murder me
From hood to the 'burbs, everyone of you niggas heard of me
Shit, I'm legendary niggas scary and paralyzed
Nothing more I despise than a liar
Cowards die
My mama told me when I was a seed
Just a vicious motherfucker while these devils left me free
I proceed to make them shiver
When I deliver
Criminal lyrics
From a world wide mob figure
Thug niggas from everywhere Mr. Makaveli
Niggas is waiting for some thug shit, thats what they tell me
So many rumors but I'm infinite Immortal Outlaw
Switching up on you ordinary bitches
Like a southpaw you get left
And every breath I breathe until the moment I'm deceased
Will be another moment ballin' as a 'G'
I rip the crowd, then I start again
Eternally I live in sin
Untill the moment that they let me breathe again
The heartz of men
[Chorus]
The hearts of men
[Verse 2]
My lyrical verse was so much pain, to some niggas it hurts
My guns bust and, if you ain't one of us, it gets worse
Bitch niggas get their eyes swoll
In fly mode
I'm a homicidal outlaw
And 5-0, get your lights on, the fight's on
Tonight's gonna be a fucking fight
So we might roll
My own homies say I'm heartless
But I'm a G to this til the day I'm gone, that's regardless
Ride by, niggas bow down
Thought I'd rot in jail, paid bail, well, nigga's out now
Throw up your hands if you thugged out
First nigga act up
First nigga getting drugged out
I can be a villian if ya let me
But motherfucker if ya do upset me
Tell the cops to come and get me
Rip the crowd like a phone number
Then start again, don't have no mutherfuckin' friends, nigga
Look inside the hearts of men
[Chorus]
In the hearts of men
[Verse 3]
To all my niggas engaged in making money in the fifty states
Keep your mind on your chips and fuck a punk bitch
No longer living in fear, my pistol close in hand
Convinced this is my year, like I'm the chosen man
Give me my money and label me as a don
If niggas is having problems
Smoke 'em, fire and bomb
I died and came back
I hustle with these lyrics as if it's a game of crack
Thugging is in my spirit
I'm lost and not knowing
Scar'd up, but still flowing
Energized and still going
Uhh, can it be fate
That makes a sick motherfucker break
On these jealous ass coward cause they evil and fake
What will it take?
Give me that bass line, I'm feeling bomb
Death Row, baby, don't be alarmed
The homie Quik gave a nigga a beat and let me start again
Represent
Cause I've been sent
The hearts of men

Life Goes On by 2Pac
[Hook: 2Pac]
How many brothers fell victim to the streets
Rest in peace young nigga, there's a Heaven for a G
Be a lie, If I told ya that I never thought of death
My niggas, we the last ones left
But life goes on!
[Verse 1: 2Pac]
As I bail through the empty halls
Breath stinkin' in my jaws
Ring, ring, ring, quiet y'all, incoming call
Plus this my homie from high school, he's getting by
It's time to bury another brotha nobody cry
Life as a baller, alcohol and booty calls
We used to do them as adolescents, do you recall?
Raised as G's, loc'ed out and blazed the weed
Get on the roof, let's get smoked out and blaze with me
2 in the morning and we still high assed out
Screamin' "thug till I die" before I passed out
But now that you're gone, I'm in the zone
Thinkin' 'I don't wanna die all alone'
But now ya gone
And all I got left are stinkin' memories
I love them niggas to death, I'm drinkin' Hennessy
While tryin' ta make it last
I drank a fifth for that ass when you passed
Cause life goes on
[Hook: 2Pac]
[Verse 2: 2Pac]
Yeah nigga I got the word is hell
Ya blew trial and the judge gave you 25 with an L
Time to prepare to do fed time, won't see parole
Imagine life as a convict that's gettin' old
Plus with the drama we're lookin out for your baby's mama
Taken risks, while keepin' cheap tricks from gettin on her
Life in the hood is all good for nobody
Remember gamin' on dumb hotties at yo' parties
Me and you, no truer two
While scheming on hits and getting tricks that maybe we can slide into
But now you buried
Rest nigga cause I ain't worried
Eyes blurry sayin' goodbye at the cemetery
Tho' memories fade
I got your name tatted on my arm so we both ball till' my dying days
Before I say goodbye
Kato and Mental rest in peace
Thug till I die
[Hook: 2Pac]
[Verse 3: 2Pac]
Bury me smilin', with G's in my pocket
Have a party at my funeral, let every rapper rock it
Let the hoes that I used to know
From way before kiss me from my head to my toe
Give me a paper and a pen so I can write about my life of sin
A couple bottles of gin in case I don't get in
Tell all my people I'm a Ridah
Nobody cries when we die, we outlaws, let me ride
Until I get free, I live my life in the fast lane, got police chasing me
To my niggas from old blocks from old crews
Niggas that guided me through back in the old school
Pour out some liquor have a toast for the homies
See we both gotta die but ya chose to go before me
And brothas miss ya while your gone
You left your nigga on his own
How long we mourn
Life goes on
Chorus *repeats to end*
(sung over repeating chorus)
Life goes on homie
Gone on, cause they passed away
Niggas doin' life, niggas doin' 50 and 60 years and shit
I feel ya nigga, trust me, I feel ya
You know what I mean
Last year we poured out liquor for ya
This year nigga, life goes on
We're gonna clock now
Get money, evade bitches, evade tricks
Give playa haters plenty of space, and basically just represent for you baby
Next time you see your niggas, your gonna be on top nigga
They're gonna be like
"Goddamn, them niggas came up"
That's right baby, life goes on
And we up out this bitch
Hey Kato, Mental, y'all niggas make sure it's poppin' when we get up there
Don't front

Only God Can Judge Me by 2Pac
[Intro: 2Pac]
Only God can judge me, that right?
Only God can judge me now
Only God baby, nobody else, nobody else
All you other motherfuckers get out my business, really
Only God can judge me now
[Verse 1: 2Pac]
Perhaps I was blind to the facts, stabbed in the back
I couldn't trust my own homies just a bunch of dirty rats
Will I, succeed, paranoid from the weed
And hocus pocus I try to focus but I can't see
And in my mind I'm a blind man doin' time
Look to my future cause my past, is all behind me
Is it a crime, to fight, for what is mine?
Everybody's dyin' tell me what's the use of tryin'
I've been trapped since birth, cautious, cause I'm cursed
And fantasies of my family, in a hearse
And they say it's the white man I should fear
But, it's my own kind doin' all the killin' here
I can't lie, ain't no love for the other side
Jealousy inside, make 'em wish I died
Oh my Lord, tell me what I'm livin' for
Everybody's droppin' got me knockin' on heaven's door
And all my memories, of seein' brothers bleed
And everybody grieves, but still nobody sees
Recollect your thoughts don't get caught up in the mix
Cause the media is full of dirty tricks
Only God can judge me
[Hook: 2Pac]
Only God can judge me, only God
Only God can judge me
Only God can judge me, only God
Only God can judge me now
Only God can judge me, only God
Only God can judge me
Only God can judge me, only God
Only God can judge me now
[Flatline]
[Verse 2: 2Pac]
Flatline!
I hear the doctor standing over me
Screaming I can make it
Got a body full of bullet holes laying here naked
Still I can't breathe, something's evil in my IV
Cause everytime I breathe, I think they killing me
I'm having nightmares, homicidal fantasies
I wake up stranglin', tangled in my bed sheets
I call the nurse cause it hurts, to reminisce
How did it come to this? I wish they didn't miss
Somebody help me, tell me where to go from here
Cause even thugs cry, but do the Lord care?
Try to remember, but it hurts
I'm walking through the cemetery talking to the dirt
I'd rather die like a man than live like a coward
There's a ghetto up in Heaven and it's ours
Black Power, is what we scream as we dream in a paranoid state
And our fate, is a lifetime of hate
Dear Mama can you save me? And fuck peace
Cause the streets got our babies, we gotta eat
No more hesitation each and every black male's trapped
And they wonder why we suicidal runnin' round strapped
Mister police, please try to see that there's
A million motherfuckers stressing just like me
Only God can judge me
[Hook]
Only God can judge me, only God
Only God can judge me now
Only God can judge me, only God
Only God can judge me
Only God can judge me, only God
Only God can judge me now
[Interlude: 2Pac]
That which does not kill me can only make me stronger
That's for real
And I don't see why everybody feel as though
That they gotta tell me how to live my life
You know?
Let me live baby, let me live
[Verse 3: Rappin' 4-Tay]
Pac I feel ya, keep servin' it on the reala
For instance say a playa hatin' mark is out to kill ya
Would you be wrong, for buckin' a nigga to the pavement?
He gon' get me first, if I don't get him fool start prayin'
Ain't no such thing as self-defense in the court of law
So judge us when we get to where we're goin wearin' a cross, that's real
Got him, lurked him, crept the fuck up on him
Sold a half a million tapes now everybody want him
After talkin' behind my back like a bitch would
Tellin' them niggas, "You can fade him," punk I wish you would
It be them same motherfuckers in your face that'll rush up in your place
To get your safe, knowin' you on that paper chase
Grass, glass, big screen and leather couch
My new shit is so fetti already sold a ki or ounce
Bitch, remember 2Pac and 4-Tay
Them same two brothers dodgin' bullets representin' the Bay
Pac when you was locked down, that's when I'll be around
Start climbing up the charts, so sick, but they tried to clown
That's why they ride the bandwagon still be draggin' sellin' lies
Don't think I don't see you haters, I know y'all in disguise
[2Pac]
Guess you figure you know me cause I'm a thug
That love to hit the late night club drink and buzzed
Been living lavish like a player all day
Now I'm bout to floss em off, player shit with 4-Tay
Only God can judge me
[Hook]
Only God can judge me, only God
Only God can judge me
Only God can judge me, only God
Only God can judge me now
Only God can judge me, only God
Only God can judge me
Only God can judge me, only God
Only God can judge me now
[Outro: 2Pac & Rappin 4-Tay]
Only God mane
That right?
That’s real
Hahahahahaha
Fuck everybody else, ya know what I’m sayin?
Man, look here man
My only fear of death is comin' back to this bitch reincarnated man
That’s for the homey mental
Hehehehe
We up out

Tradin War Stories by 2Pac
[2Pac]
A military mind, nigga
A military mind mean money
A criminal grind, nigga
A criminal grind mean hustle
You know
[Hook: 2Pac - repeat 2X]
We tradin war stories, we Outlawz on the rise
Jealous niggas I despise, look in my eyes
[2Pac]
Now can your mind picture, a thug nigga drinkin hard liquor
This ghetto life has got me catchin up to God quicker
Who would figure that all I need was a hair trigger
Semi-automatic MAC-11 just to scare niggas
Pardon my thug poetry, but suckers is born everyday
And feared men grow on trees
Criminal ties for centuries, a legend in my own rhymes
So niggas whisper when they mention
Machiavelli was my tutor Donald Goines, my father figure
Mama sent me to go play with the drug dealers
Henceforth, we thug niggas and we came in packs
Every one of niggas strapped sippin on ‘yak
In the back, my AR-15
Thuggin till I die, these streets got me cravin thorazine
My lyrics are blueprints to money makin'
Fat as that ass that honey shakin
[Hook] w/ Outlawz
[Kastro]
I bust a trey-trey, buggin an' shit
They call it overthuggin and shit
But I was just a younger nigga;
Gettin older and lovin this shit
But what was I doin in this place?
To the fakes without a pistol in the first
Facin termination in the worst
But I figured to play the wall; to watch all these
Playa hatin niggas position for I could see 'em all
Made it up out of there, lucky to be here to tell you
But it'll never be a repeat people I'm tryin to tell you
[Edi Amin]
Now picture the scenery, I'm thugged out smokin greenery
Considered a B.G., but I'm off in this game somethin D-P
My eyes only see deez, that's why I'm young and burnt out
Learned the know how, well how to do now, by 18 turned out
And why I do it - the ridin and smokin
Collidin with foes - in the worst place;
Y'all shouldn'ta fucked with us, in the first place
Y'all real O.G.'s, droppin game to the youngsters
Y'all don't want no funk cause
Y'all be the next in the long line of war stories
[Hook]
[C-Bo]
I breaks them off with this gangsta war story tale
Stacking loot up in the coupe that I protect with a Mack 12
Slap my clip in the chamber; fool, your life's in danger
No one will remain when I come through dumping insane
Call me Bo Loc Major Pain, gun-slang and moving 'caine
I be the nigga that's pulling the trigger and dumping the hot ones up in your brain
More bigger balls than RuPaul, Thug Life ain't a ball
We bust that ass up against the wall (up against the wall)
Never been no sign for men call
How we bucks them down on the way to the ground
Ain't nothing but the hog in me
Plus, stompin' steel toed, killin' up hoes and keep mobbin' G
It ain't no calling the funk off
Don't be funking with my sawed off
Bust they dirty-ass drawers off
And had them bitch niggas hauled off
[Hook]
[Napoleon]
My whole family been raised, on shit that ain't okay
Ain't nothing on this earth will make a nigga like me stay
I'm reminiscing, and catchin flashbacks when niggas ran up
In my house and I was too young, to try to blast back
What happend then? No one would tell me since I was three
Heard that God took my peoples, now they living somewhere free
But fuck that, you got what's mines and I want that
Never drop my guard, been on the squad, since ways back
And now I'm sitting, holding in anger because my parents missing
Thugging Immortal, got some war stories for you
[Storm]
Now look at me - straight Outlaw Immortal
Never gave a fuck cause I was nobody's daughter
Outlawing from my tits to my clits, don't try to figure
Cause the murderous tendencies of my mind can't be controlled, nigga
So who's the bigger, who's the quickest killer?
Would you try to trip with my finger on the 9 milla
When I got you on kay-nine-fourths
Prayin to God as your life goes back and forth
We tradin war stories
[Hook]
[2Pac talking]
War stories nigga; hahaha, what players do
Thug Life, Outlaw Immortalz
Motherfucking 2Pac a.k.a. Makaveli
Can you feel me?
Just so you know, it's on Death Row
My niggas love that shit
Dramacydal in this motherfucker, heheheh
Yea nigga! Shout out to my niggas Fatal and Felony
C-Bo, the bald head nut, what?
You know what time it is

California Love by 2Pac
[Hook: Roger Troutman]
California knows how to party
California knows how to party
In the city of L.A
In the city of good ol' Watts
In the city, the city of Compton
We keep it rockin'
[Verse 1: Dr. Dre]
Now let me welcome everybody to the wild, wild West
A state that's untouchable like Elliot Ness
The track hits your eardrum like a slug to your chest
Pack a vest for your Jimmy in the city of sex
We in that sunshine state where the bomb-ass hemp be
The state where you never find a dance floor empty
And pimps be on a mission for them greens
Lean mean money-making-machines serving fiends
I been in the game for 10 years making rap tunes
Ever since honeys was wearing Sassoons
Now it's '95 and they clock me and watch me
Diamonds shining, looking like I robbed Liberace
It's all good, from Diego to the Bay
Your city is the bomb if your city making pay
Throw up a finger if you feel the same way
Dre putting it down for Californ-i-aye
[Hook]
[Bridge: Roger Troutman]
Shake, shake it, baby
Shake, shake it
[Verse 2: 2Pac]
Out on bail, fresh out of jail, California dreaming
Soon as I step on the scene, I'm hearing hoochies screaming
Fiending for money and alcohol
The life of a Westside player where cowards die and the strong ball
Only in Cali where we riot not rally to live and die
In L.A. we wearing Chucks not Ballys (yeah, that's right)
Dressed in Locs and Khaki suits, and ride is what we do
Flossing, but have caution: we collide with other crews
Famous because we throw grands
Worldwide, let them recognize from Long Beach to Rosecrans
Bumping and grinding like a slow jam, it's Westside
So you know the Row won't bow down to no man
Say what you say, but give me that bomb beat from Dre
Let me serenade the streets of L.A
From Oakland to Sac-town, the Bay Area and back down
Cali is where they put their mack down
Give me love!
[Hook]
[Ad-Libs]
[Dr. Dre] South Central
[2Pac] Uh, that's right
[Dr. Dre] Now make it shake
[Bridge]
[Ad-Libs: Dr. Dre]
Shake it Cali
Uh, uh, West Coast
Uh, yeah, uh, uh, Long Beach in the house
Uh, yeah, Oaktown, Oakland definitely in the house
Frisco, Frisco
[2Pac]
And you know L.A. up in here
[Dr. Dre]
Pasadena where you at?
Yeah, Inglewood
Inglewood always up to no good
[2Pac]
Even Hollywood trying to get a piece, baby
[Dr. Dre]
Sacramento, Sacramento where you at?
[2Pac]
Throw it up ya'll, throw it up, throw it up!
I can't see ya
Let's show these fools how we do it over on this West Side

I Ain't Mad At Cha by 2Pac
[Intro]
Change, shit
I guess change is good for any of us
Whatever it take for any of y'all niggas to get up out the hood
Shit, I'm wit 'cha
I ain't mad at 'cha
Got nothin' but love for ya, do your thing, boy
Yeah, all the homies that I ain't talk to in a while
I'mma send this one out for y'all, knahmean?
Cause I ain't mad at 'cha
Heard y'all tearin' up shit out there, kickin' up dust
Givin' a motherfuck
Yeah, niggas
Cause I ain't mad at 'cha
[Verse 1: 2Pac]
Now we was once two niggas of the same kind
Quick to holla at a hoochie with the same line
You was just a little smaller but you still rolled
Got stretched to Y.A. and hit the hood swoll
'member when you had a Jheri Curl didn't quite learn
On the block, wit'cha Glock, trippin' off sherm
Collect calls to the crib, sayin' how you've changed
Oh you's a Muslim now? No more dope game
Heard you might be comin' home, just got bail
Wanna go to the Mosque, don't wanna chase tail
It seems I lost my little homie, he's a changed man
Hit the pen and now no sinnin' is the game plan
When I talk about money all you see is the struggle
When I tell you I'm livin' large you tell me it's trouble
Congratulations on the wedding, I hope your wife know
She got a playa for life, and that's no bullshittin'
I know we grew apart, you probably don't remember
I used to fiend for your sister, but never went up in her
And I can see us after school, we'd bomb
On the first motherfucker with the wrong shit on
Now the whole shit's changed and we don't even kick it
Got a big money scheme and you ain't even with it
Hmm, knew in my heart you was the same motherfucker that
Go toe to toe when it's time to roll you got a brother's back
And I can't even trip, cause I'm just laughin' at 'cha
You tryin' hard to maintain, then go ahead
Cause I ain't mad at 'cha
(Hmm, I ain't mad at 'cha)
[Hook]
[Danny Boy:] I ain't - mad - at 'cha
[2Pac:] I ain't mad at 'cha
[Danny Boy:] I ain't - mad - at 'cha
[Verse 2: 2Pac]
We used to be like distant cousins
Fightin', playin' dozens, whole neighborhood buzzin'
Knowin' that we wasn't
Used to catch us on the roof or behind the stairs
I'm gettin' blitzed and I reminisce on all the times we shared
Besides, bumpin' 'n grindin' wasn't nothin' on our mind
In time we'd learned to live a life of crime
Rewind us back to a time was much too young to know
I caught a felony lovin' the way the guns blow
And even though we separated, you said that you'd wait
Don't give nobody no coochie while I'll be locked up state
I kiss my momma, goodbye, and wipe the tears from her lonely eyes
Said I'll return but I gotta fight the fate's arrived
Don't shed a tear, cause momma I ain't happy here
I blew trial, no more smiles for a couple years
They got me goin' mad
I'm knockin' busters on they backs, in my cell, thinkin'
"Hell, I know one day I'll be back"
As soon as I touch down
I told my girl I'll be there, so prepare, to get fucked down
The homies wanna kick it, but I'm just laughin' at 'cha
Cause you's a down ass bitch and I ain't mad at 'cha
[Hook]
[Verse 3: 2Pac]
Well guess who's movin' up, this nigga's ballin' now
Bitches be callin' to get it, hookers keep fallin' down
He went from nothing to lots, ten carats to rock
Went from a nobody nigga to the big man on the block
He's Mr. Local-Celebrity, addicted to movin' ki's
Most hated by enemies, escape in the luxury
See, first you was our nigga but you made it, so the choice is made
Now we gotta slay you while you faded, in the younger days
So full of pain while the weapons blaze
Gettin' so high off that bomb hopin' we make it, to the better days
Cause crime pays and in time, you'll find a rhyme'll blaze
You'll feel the fire from the niggas in my younger days
So many changed on me, so many tried to plot
That I keep a Glock beside my head, when will it stop?
Til God return me to my essence
Cause even as an adolescent, I refuse to be a convalescent
So many questions and they ask me if I'm still down
I moved up out of the ghetto, so I ain't real now?
They got so much to say, but I'm just laughin' at 'cha
You niggas just don't know, but I ain't mad at 'cha
[Hook]

What'z Ya Phone # by 2Pac
[Intro: 2Pac]
What's ya phone number?
[Verse 1]
Now, I could make miracles to tempos
It's instrumental, waitin' for the nymphos
That's the intro
Shoot when you rush me, walked up and touched me
Why do you want to fuck me, just
Cause I'm paid in the worst way? True!
Lookin' kinda good in your birthday suit
I wonder if you're wild and you act shy?
Do you like to be on top or the back side?
Watch me while you lick your lips
Shake your hips, goddamn, I love that shit
Yo, let's stop fakin' and be real now
I got a room and a hard-on. Still down?
Met you standing at a bar full of black dudes
Said you wanna see my scars and my tattoos
When we head for my hideout, act right
Boss player when I ride out, that's right
What's ya phone number?
[Hook]
If you really wanna fuck with me, I'm ready
Baby, let me give you a call
How long will it take to break you off?
[Verse 2]
Oh shit, baby is a dime piece
Wanted this fine seat
If I see you're right, now she can get me
Whore didn't want to talk to me til she see my car
Never had sex with a rich rap star
Til I got her in the back of my homeboy's car
Tell me, why do we live this way?
Money over bitches, let me hear you say
What's your phone number?
Are you alone? Got a pocket full of rubbers, let's bone!
Time for your girlfriend to take you home
I had fun but, baby, gotta leave me alone
Picture in my rhyme
Take time to rewind these words I say
If you open your mind bet in a minute you'll find
It's time let the Outlawz play
What's ya phone number?
[Hook]
[Girl and 2Pac converse]
[G:] Hello?
[2:] Hello? Who is this?
[G:] Is this 2Pac?
[2:] This is who?
[G:] Is this 2Pac?
[2:] Yeah, it's 2Pac. Who is this?
[G:] Hi baby. How are you?
[2:] I'm aight. What up baby?
[G:] You don't recognize the voice?
[2:] You recognize my voice, huh?
[G:] Do you recognize MY voice?
[2:] Nah, I know you?
[G:] Yeah, you know me. I guess you don't recognize me, when I'm talking
[2:] Where I know you from? Where I know you from?
[G:] You just know me, baby
[2:] Where? Talk up, I can't barely hear you
[G:] You know me from when we were, you know, intimate
[2:] Oh, we fucked?
[G:] Oh baby, did we ever
[2:] Oh, tell me about it baby
[G:] I remember when I put that big dick in my hand and stroked it up and down
[2:] OOOOH!
[G:] Then I put it in my mouth. I sucked it
[2:] Ooh, you did
[G:] Ooh, I did
[2:] Shit!
[G:] Fucked it and fucked it. Put me in. You came
[2:] Did I come?
[G:] Ooh, baby: everywhere, everywhere. You don't remember me yet?
[2:] I'm starting to get a picture. Why don't you help me out. What did I do to the pussy? What a nigga do to the pussy?
[G:] You rocked it
[2:] Did I?
[G:] Yeah, you did
[2:] Did I give you some of that Thug Passion?
[G:] Mmmmmm
[2:] Heh, heh. Eh, so what 'cha doing right now, though?
[G:] Me and my finger are getting acquainted
[2:] How many you got?
[G:] I got ten. But only one is workin
[2:] Oh well, can I come over there?
[G:] If you want to
[2:] Do I want to? Do a bear shit in the woods and wipe his ass with a rabbit?
[G:] Mmm. You gonna rock it baby?
[2:] Hell yeah, I'm gonna rock it baby
[G:] Like you did before?
[2:] No dizoubt. You gonna feel that Thug Passion for real
[G:] Mmmm, baby
[2:] I'm on my way though. I'm about to fly over there in a 500. It ain't gonna take but a minute. Eh, light the candles
Get the baby oil out. Turn all the lights out. Drink a little bit of that shit. I'm on my way, babe. I'm gonna knock that pussy to the next week
[G:] Knock it out, baby, knock it out
[2:] I'm gon knock the taste out your mouth, girl. I'm gonna put your legs on your head. I'mma tie you up, blindfold you. And we gonna play which hole feel the best
[G:] You know which hole feel the best
[2:] We finna see tonight, though
[G:] I'm gonna make you remember me
[2:] Oh, yeah
[G:] Yeah
[2:] Oh yeah, you got my dick hard. I can't find the steering shift, you got me so fucked up. I'm playing with myself and shit
[G:] Can I shift your gear?
[G:] Can I shift it in the front?
[2:] Hell yeah, ay, you know what I wanna do though?
[G:] Whatch you wanna do?
[2:] I wanna fuck you on the balcony, while you lookin out over L.A
[2:] Yaknahmean? Just poundin' that shit from the back
Cause a motherfucker hop that shit like I got hydraulics
Fixed in me, you feel me? I be hittin' switches baby
[G:] Ooh, I feel you, yes
Heh, hey I'm fin' to come over there
Just wait for me sweetheart, I'm on my way right now
I'll see you later baby, bye
Bye, boo
[2:] Hah, yeah, I'm gonna get some pussy
Heh, get some pussy, hah, hah

Can't C Me by 2Pac
[Intro: George Clinton]
The blind stares of a million pairs of eyes
Looking hard, but won't realize
That they will never see the P!
[Verse 1: 2Pac]
Give me my money in stacks
And lace my bitches with dime figures
Real niggas fingers on nickel-plated 9 triggers
Must see my enemies defeated
I catch em while they coked up and weeded
Open fire, now them niggas bleeding
See me in flesh and test and get your chest blown
Straight out the West, don't get blown
My adversaries cry like hoes
Open and shut like doors
Is you a friend or foe?
Nigga, you ain't know?
They got me stressed out on Death Row
I've seen money, but baby, I've got to get mo'
You screaming "Go 2Pac!" And I ain't stopping
Till I'm well-paid, bail's paid
Now nigga, look what hell made
Visions of cops and sirens, niggas open fire
Bunch of Thug Life niggas on the rise, until I die
Ask me why I'm a boss player, getting high
And when I'm rolling by niggas can't see me!
[Hook: George Clinton]
The stares of a million pairs of eyes
And you'll never realize
You can't see me
[Verse 2: 2Pac]
Been getting word that these square motherfuckers with nerves
Saying they can get with us, but picture me getting served
My own mama say I'm thugged out
My shit be bumping out the record store
As if it was a drug house
My lyrics bang like a Crip or Blood
Nigga what! It ain't nothing but a party when we thug
And there I was, a young nigga with heart
Ain't had shit to lose, pullin' my pistol on them fools
You know the rules. D-R-E you got me heated
My word's like a penitentiary dick
Hitting bitches where it's most needed
Money and weed, Alize and Hennessy
To my Thug niggas in lock down: witness me
Bail on these hoes in floss-mode
The life of a Boss Playa, fuck what you thought, though
My enemies deceased, die like a bitch
When my album hit the streets, Niggas can't see me!
[Hook]
Which way did he go, George?
Which way did he go?
[Verse 3: 2Pac]
You niggas made a mistake
You should've never put my rhymes with Dre
Them Thug niggas have arrived and it's Judgement Day
Hey homie, if you feel me
Tell them tricks that shot me
That they missed, they ain't killed me
I can make a motherfucker Shake, Rattle n' Roll
I'm full of liquor, thug nigga
Quick to jab at them hoes
And I can make you jealous niggas famous
Fuck around with 2Pac and see how good a nigga's aim is
I'm just a rich motherfucker from the way
If this rapping bring me money, then I'm rapping till I'm paid
I'm getting green like I'm supposed to
Nigga, I holla at these hoes
And see how many I can go through
Look to the star, and visualize my debut
Niggas know me, player, I gotta stay true
Don't be a dumb motherfucker because it's crazy after dark
Where the true thug-niggas see your heart
Niggas can't see me!
[Outro]
Yo, check this out: stay off his dick
Niggas can't see me
I know it's hard nigga: I'm all up in your face
But you still can't see me!
All up in your range, but niggas can't see me
Thug Life, baby
Don't believe everything you read!
Alize and weed
Dr. Dre all day, 2Pac
Niggas can't see me
I dedicate this to you punk motherfuckers!
This one's for you, BIG baby
Cause you bitch-ass niggas can't see me
See No Evil, Hear No Evil, Speak No Evil
Right between your eyes, you'll never realize
Visualize what you can't see

Shorty Wanna Be a Thug by 2Pac
[Hook: 2Pac]
Say he wanna be
Shorty's gonna be a thug!
Said he wanna be
One day he's gonna be
Say he wanna be
Shorty's gonna be a thug!
Said he wanna be
One day he's gonna be
[Verse One: 2Pac]
He was a nice middle class nigga
But nobody knew the evil he'd do when he got a little bigger
Get off the final blaze
While puffing on a Newport
Plotting on a another way to catch a case
Was only 16, yet convicted as a felon
With a bunch of old niggas
But you the only one who ain't telling
I tell you it's a cold world, stay in school
You tell me its a man's world, play the rules
And fade fools, break rules until we major
Blaze up, getting with hoes through my pager
Was raised up, commencing to money makin' tactics
It's getting drastic, niggas got automatics
My fingers on the trigga, Tell the lord
To make way for another straight Thug Nigga
I'm sitting getting buzzed, looking for some luv
From the homies, cuz shorty wanna be a Thug
[Hook]
[Verse Two: 2Pac]
Straight from the Hall to the Penn
An adolescent nigga scaling weight and standing Six feet Ten
He carried weight like a Mack truck
Gonna bust on some playa haters
If the mutha fuckas act tuff
Then thats when the lethal weapon with the razor
This little nigga smoking weed and getting blazed up
No one could figure, when the guns blast pull the trigga
Could take the life of a young nigga guns bigger
No mother and father, you see, the niggas all alone
Old timers my role model, the war zone
Released with this game 'til its a part of me
My heart don't beat no fear and it ain't hard to see
The future is looking dim
I'm trying to make a profit out of living in this sin
I'm in the dark getting buzzed, looking for some love
Out with the homies, cuz shorty wanna be a Thug
[Hook]
[Outro: 2Pac]
Shorty gonna be a thug!
You little bad ass nigga, to the young niggas
Gotta stay sharp nigga, play your part
You got plenty of time (you bad mutha fuckas)
You only get 3 mistakes, then that's life, big baby (niggas craaazy)
Watch the signs
Damn, you ain't but 16 nigga?
16?!?!
That's a bad muthafucker

Holla At Me by 2Pac
[Intro: Nanci Fletcher]
Niggas out there jealous cause we be bailin' with Death Row
They try to playa hate
But they can't fade us tho'
We be mobbin' through the neigborhood, yeah
With that funky sound
*so funky*
We be throwin' down
[2Pac]
This goes out to you playa
You know, you know who you are
[Chorus x3]
[2Pac]
Gotta be carefull, can't let the evil of the money trap me
So when ya see me nigga, ya better holla at me
[Verse 1: 2Pac]
Are you confused?
You wonder how it feels to walk a mile inside the shoes
Of a nigga who don't have a thing to lose
When me and you was homies
No one informed me it was all a scheme
You infiltrated my team and sold a nigga's dreams
How could you do me like that ?
I took ya family in
I put some cash in ya pocket
Made you a man again
And now you let the fear put your ass in a place
Complicated to escape
It's a fool's fate
Without your word
You're a shell of a man
I lost respect for ya, nigga
We can never be friends
I know I'm runnin' through your head now
What could you do?
If it was up to you
I'd be dead now
I let the world know, nigga, you a coward
Ya could never be live
Until you die
See the motherfuckin' bitch in your eye
Type of nigga, that let the evil of the money trap me
When ya see me, nigga, ya better holla at me (holla at me)
[Chorus]
[2Pac]
Gotta be ready, don’t let the evil of the money trap me
So when you see me, nigga, you better holla at me
[Nanci Fletcher]
(You better beware where you lay
We better not find where you stay)
[2Pac]
So I gotta be careful, can't let the evil of the money trap me
So when ya see me, nigga, ya better holla at me
[Nanci Fletcher]
(You better beware where you lay
We better not find where you stay)
[Verse Two: 2Pac]
Curious
Spittin' lyrics
On tha verge of furious
I'm addicted to currency
Nigga that's why we're doin this
I got shot up, I surprised tha niggas tha way I got up
And then
I hit the studio
It's time to blow tha block up
No hesitation
This information got you contemplatin'
Heartbreakin' and eliminatin' with this conversation
Break him
And let him see tha face of a mental patient
It's a celebration
Of my criminal elevation
With the participation
I want members across tha fifty states
To keep tha nation anticipatin' until we break
Will I be great, is it my fate ?
To live tha life of luxury
Some niggas bought my tapes
So much jealousy it scares me
So be prepared
Cause only tha strong survive
Life isn't fair (fair)
Probably never knew tha way it feels to die
So you figure fuck with me
I give that ass a try
Nigga, Holla at me
[Chorus]
[2pac]
Gotta be careful, can't let the evil of the money trap me
So when ya see me, nigga, ya better holla at me
[Nanci Fletcher]
(You better beware where you lay
We better not find where you stay)
[2pac]
Now I gotta be careful, can't let the evil of the money trap me
So when ya see me, nigga, ya better holla at me
[Nanci Fletcher]
(You better beware where you lay
We better not find where you stay)
[Verse Three: 2Pac]
I should've saw the signs
I was blinded
Criminal minds of a young black brotha doin' time
So many brothas framed in this dirty game
It's a shame
So much pressure on my brain
While she blame me
Secrets in tha dark
Only her and I know
Now I'm sittin' in tha state pen
Doin time slow
Guess she made a bad decision
That got me livin'
Just like an animal
I'm caged up in state prison
My niggas dissin'
Cause
Hell have no fury like a woman's scorn
A cemetary full of motherfuckers not knowin'
Picture my prophecy
Tha cops are attacking me, on top of me
I'm runnin' from tha coppers
But never let'em stop me
Cause I'm a soulja
Hell, ever since I was a little nigga havin' fantasies
Of one day getting older
Niggas is paranoid
Trust
A no no
Love is a mystery
Fuck tha po po
Holla at me.....
[Chorus]
[2pac]
So when you see me nigga
You better holla at me....
[Nanci Fletcher]
(You better beware where you lay
We better not find where you stay)
[2pac]
Gotta be careful, can't let the evil of the money trap me
So when ya see me, nigga, ya better holla at me
[Nanci Fletcher]
(You better beware where you lay
We better not find where you stay)
[2pac]
A nigga gotta be careful, can't let the evil of the money trap me
So when ya see me, nigga, ya better holla at me
[Nanci Fletcher]
(You better beware where you lay
We better not find where you stay)
[Outro (same as intro)]

Wonda Why They Call U Bitch by 2Pac
[Hook: 2Pac]
You wonda why they call you bitch (x6)
[Verse 1: 2Pac]
Look here Miss Thang, hate to salt your game
But you's a money hungry woman and you need to change
In the locker room, all the homies do is laugh
High fives cause anotha nigga played your ass
It was said you were sleeezy, even easy
Sleepin' around for what you need
See it's your thing and you can shake it how you wanna
Give it up free or make your money on the corner
But don't be bad, play the game, get mad and change
Then you wonda why these muthafuckers call you names
Still lookin' for a way out, and that's okay
I can see you wanna stray, there's a way out
Keep your mind on your money, enroll in school
And as the years pass by, you can show them fools
But you ain't trying to hear me cause you're stuck
You're headin' for the bathroom 'bout to get tossed up
Still looking for a rich man, you dug a ditch
Got your legs up trying to get rich
I love you like a sister, but you need to switch
And that's why they called you bitch, I betcha
[Hook]
[Verse 2]
You leave your kids with your mama cause your headin' for the club
In a skin tight miniskirt looking for some love
Got them legs wide open while you're sittin' at the bar
Talkin' to some nigga 'bout his car
I guess he said he had a Lexus, what's next?
You headin' to his car for some sex
I pass by, can't hold back tears inside
Cause Lord knows, for years I tried
And all the other people on my block hate your guts
Then you wonda why they stare, and call you, "slut"
It's like your mind don't understand
You don't have to kill your dreams plotting schemes on a man
Keep your head up, legs closed, eyes open
Either a nigga wear a rubber or he die smokin'
I'm hearin' rumors so you need to switch
And niggas wouldn't call you bitch, I betcha
[Hook]
[Verse 3]
I guess times getting hard, even harder for you, cause hey now
Got a baby on the way now
More money from the county, and thanks to the welfare
You're about to get your hair done
Got a dinner date, can't be late
Trick or treat, sweet thing got another trick to meet
The way he did it it was smooth, plotting while he gaming you
So baby, peep the rules
I should've seen it in the first case, the worst case
I should've never called you back in the first place
I remember back in high school, baby you was fast
Straight sex, when you moved your ass
But now things change, cause you don't look the same
Let the ghetto get the best of you, baby, that's a shame
Caught HIV and now you 'bout to be deceased
And finally be at peace
So where your niggas at now, cause everybody left
They stepped, and left you on your own
See I loved you like a sister, but you died too quick
And that's why we called you bitch, I betcha
[Hook]
[Outro]
Dear Ms. Delores Tucker
Keep stressing me
Fucking with a motherfucking mind
I figured you wanted to know
You know, why we call them hoes bitches
And maybe this might help you understand
It ain't personal
Strictly business, baby, strictly business
So If you wonder why we call you bitch
You wonder why we call you bitch
If you wonder why we call you bitch
You wonder why we call you bitch

When We Ride by 2Pac
[Intro]
Outlaw Immortalz
Bow down to somethin' greater than yourself, trick
Individuals capable of enormous amounts of chin checks and eye swolls
They know you watchin'
But you ain't seein' what lies before you, biatch
Picture if you will seven deadly human beings
Blessed with the gift of speech
The power to reach
Each nigga on every street
May the heavenly father look down and be proud of what transpired
Since the day the seed was planted
The G grew but we knew he'd rise up quick
Smoked out, loc'ed out, all into shit
Just me and my dogs, livin' like hogs
Outlaw Immortalz
What follows is the story, what proceeded was the glue
What lies between is the fiction
Don't fuck around and make it true
[Verse 1]
[2Pac]
*laughing*
My adversaries crumble when we rumble it's a catastrophe
Out for revenge on bitch niggas that blasted me
Plus my alias is Makaveli
A loaded three-fifty-seven with hollow points to a nigga belly
Bust him to see if he bleed
He shoulda never fucked around with a sick-ass nigga like me
They call my name out and niggas run
Best be prepared for the Outlawz, here we come
[Hussein Fatal]
They call me Hussein Fatal, it's a two game table
I'm robbin' ya niggas' cradle with a knife in your navel
Rap-related, criminally activated and evil
I wouldn't wanna be you behind my fuckin' Desert Eagle
Til the end, I'm tellin' all friends and enemies
You see what I got to make you freeze, to touch me you need ten of these
Complete most, wanted on the streets of the East coast
Young Gunz fire and niggas bleed, I see Mo
[Kastro]
I be shinin' like white diamonds and crystal
Glistenin' holdin' pistols
The mission's simple, fold up and roll up dead presidentials
Sew up all the potential, million, billion dollar baller potential
Sort it, oughta call on a nigga I'll be sure to get you
Take cash bro, fast yo, for my Kastro
Blast and I'mma last yo past all these Glass Joes
And assholes who claim, like they be runnin' thangs
I be gunnin' those same niggas runnin' late, to their fate
[Napoleon]
My alias is motherfuckin' Na-poleon, and I'd rather be
Robbin' again before these motherfuckers leave me sufferin'
But it ain't nothin', and I got no time for no bluffin'
Befo' a nigga finish with puttin' in work I betta end up with somethin'
I think these niggas got the game fucked up
If they don't believe, that a young nigga like me, would bust (Boo-Yaa!)
Perhaps it's a must, I'm facin' cases, fuck probation
Is what I'm screamin' when these money hungry cops be chasin'
[Hook: 2Pac] (x2)
Thug nigga til we die
No mercy on these playa hatin' bitches, ask me why - when we ride
[Verse 2]
[Mussolini]
It's the imperial serial killer, alias Mussolini
Mentally unstable G status, so you can't see me
Drug warlord, riding Concorde jets
Rag Vette's, shakin bitches and snitches and trippin on sets
Inglewoods banger, keepin one in the chamber
For the anger that I build inside, when it's time to ride
Suicidal thoughts lurk fuckin no end to revenge
Fuck any, my alias Mussolini
[E.D.I.]
They call me Idi, from the side of seedy
Young nigga greedy, so I'm runnin up on these niggas easy
It ain't nuttin, cause if they wantin somethin, so I'mma commence
To dumpin stomp down and struck up while my beat is bumpin, Thuggin
To my fuckin last note, with Lo-Pole and Kastro
Who you thought was on that asshole, don't ask though
Outlaw Immortalz doin this dit-nirt on the sli-zow
Ain't no chance to hide when we ride
[Kadafi]
My alias Khadafi, Trump tight so feds can't copy
Six-three and cocky quick to hit your bitch if she jock me
Severely addicted to livin like a fuckin felon
While beefin with rookie cops the cookie rocks a nigga sellin
Since a shorty I been livin life defiant, nickel plated chrome
Got this baby Capone lookin like a giant, and I ain't lyin
It's like it's me against myself with all these
Backstabbin snakes grabbin at my fuckin wealth
[Mo Khomeini]
Mo Khomeini goes terrorist, mad man killer
The bottom of the river where the body lays and shivers
I'm that nigga with the fifty cap pouch, with the murderous stacks
That increase, while these motherfuckers eat beef
It's been a long road, a lot of episodes
And as the Glock loads, I gotta teach hoes
Reach hoes, make em feel a nigga when I'm mashin
Now I'm surpassin any assassin
[Hook] (x2)
[Verse 3]
[2Pac]
Hahahaha, Outlaw Immortalz baby
Y'all niggas can't fade this ol crazy shit
Makaveli, Hussein, Kastro, Khadafi, Mussolini
Amin, Naploleon, Khomani
What y'all really wanna do?
Haha, like them niggas said
"What would you do? If you could fuck with me and my crew"
Hehahahahaha, Thug Life, yeah nigga
Flashin on niggas
Thug Life right? This year we Thug Life
But we Outlaw Immortalz
We die nigga, but we multiply, we like legends nigga, like forever
Like I'll make you famous motherfucker
I'm talkin about Newsweek and Time Magazine and all that ol good shit
My niggas make the papers baby
My niggas make the front page
The gunshots can't stop me, they know (fades)

Thug Passion by 2Pac
[Intro: 2Pac]
Aight, new drink
One part Alizé, one part Cristal
Thug Passion, baby
Y'all know what time it is
This drink is guaranteed to get the pussy wet and the dick hard
Now, if you with me
Pour a glass and drink with a nigga, knowhatimean?
I ain't tryin' to turn you all niggas into alcohols - alcoholics
I'm just tryin' to turn you into motherfuckin' thugs
So come and get some of this Thug Passion, baby
[Verse 1: Kastro]
I could pull out the drink and be good until it's relevant
But I'm a straight soldier
I'll roll up a nigga like it's Heaven sent
Tripping over dead presidents
They got these derelicts
I throw was down with this business
Trying to clown and get a cent
And so rather
Than stand forever, been thinking
Drinking over a felony
And hell of me and how it will be some other shit
People telling me to cool out
But they ain't feeling me
A motherfucking fool, about
My fucking cheddar cheese
And it pleases, passion of mine
Thugging, hugging plenty of G's
And laughing while I pass through times
And all these bastards be watching
Just keep it plain, I'mma keep it the same
Partner, just take it the simple game
I can pinkle with the rain twinkling
Diamonds and things go blinking
Enough to hold me, til I'm old and wrinkling
And these adversaries
They gonna have to be worrying
Cause I'mma be illing, fulfilling my passion
Til I'm burying my Thug Passion
[Hook: Jewell]
I heard it's the bomb
And you got it going on
Give me some of your Thug Passion, baby
You got me dripping wet
From the way you make me sweat
Give me some of your Thug Passion, baby
[Verse 2: Napoleon]
Now what if me
Turn this Hennessey
Into a robbery
The Prophecy probably suddenly
Switch and how it supposed to be
And dirty money
Can't be evil cause it's filling up my tummy, see
Born in a position, death collision was futuristic
Twisting riches but there is only one way to make more
So I'm standing on the corner
Trying to hustle in the snow
And my bigger bro couldn't know
But buy a .44, blasting at playa haters
Wanting more with a Thug Passion
[Verse 3: EDI]
Putting down mashin'
Control by this Thug's Passion
Unlike them other bustas pistol blasting
I'm asking what happened
To the niggas who kept it real
Like they claim to
That's what money and fame do
See they ain't true
Traveling this road my poor soul
Has been consolidated
With all this bullshit I dunn tolerated
How I made it can easily stated
It's like my heart be gripped with the Passion
To be the fucking greatest
Load up and take shit
[Bridge: Kadafi]
Make it to some high dollar gangsta shit
Jack a stack til we got enough bank to split
[Storm]
Creep with me
Through that immortal flow
Thug Passion got you trembling
Like Death on the Row
Make your move
So I can throw your mind a curve
While I'll be blowing up the scene
Like my nigga Mr. Herb
Take a toke as your heart goes full arrest
I got the bomb, so nigga, fuck the rest
You need a dub to get you flowing
And let that loc see smoke
Feeling the strokes of the 9 squeeze tight and slow
[Hook]
[Verse 5: 2Pac]
They say money don't make the man
But damn, I'm making money
Observing you motherfuckers
Cause some of you bitches funny
Say you want it but you bullshitting
Licking them lips, you got me about to act a fool quick
Sipping on some Alizé and Cristal, meanwhile
Buy me a drink and get to winking at me
She smiles; a niggas full of passion
Satisfaction is everlasting
"How does it feel?" what I'm asking
While I'm rubbing on that ass
"Why you laughing?"
See, I'm digging as if I'm curious
Full blown and furious
Baby, get a grip
When I be doing this
It's so physical
My attraction driven by alcohol
Beware of my reaction
Baby I'm born to ball
Thugged out on Death Row
You better recognize and picture what I said, so
Now you can feel it
It's a portion for my niggas in motion
Forever blasting
Bitches ain't ready for this Thug Passion
[Hook 6x w/ DJ Quik talkbox ad-libs]

Picture Me Rollin' by 2Pac
[Intro]
Yeah, clear enough for ya?
Why you niggas look mad?
Y'all supposed to be happy I'm free!
Y'all niggas look like y'all wanted me to stay in jail
Ho bustas!
[Verse 1: 2Pac]
Picture me rolling in my 500 Benz
I got no love for these niggas, there's no need to be friends
They got me under surveillance, that's what somebody be telling
Know there's dope being sold, but I ain't the one selling
Don't want to be another number
I gotta puff a gang of weed to keep from going under
The federales wanna see me dead
Niggas put prices on my head
Now I got two Rottweilers by my bed, I feed 'em lead
Now I'm released, how will I live?
Will God forgive me for all the dirt a nigga did, to feed kids?
One life to live, it's so hard to be positive
When niggas shooting at your crib
Mama, I'm still thuggin', the world is a war zone
My homies is inmates, and most of them dead wrong
Full grown, finally a man, just scheming on ways
To put some green inside the palms of my empty hands
Just picture me rollin'
Flossing a Benz on rims that isn't stolen
My dreams is censored, my hopes are gone
I'm like a fiend that finally sees when all the dope is gone
My nerves is wrecked, heart beating and my hands are swollen
Thinking of the G's I'll be holdin'
Picture me rollin'
[Refrain: Danny Boy]
Picture me rollin'
Picture me rollin'
Picture me, picture me rollin'
Picture me rollin'
Ooh wee
[2Pac during Refrain]
Can you see me now?
Move to the side a little bit so you can get a clear picture
Can you see it?
Picture me rollin'
Yeah nigga!
Ay, but peep how my nigga Syke do it to you
Guess who's back?
[Verse 2: Syke]
I got ki's coming from overseas
Cost a nigga 200 G's
I'm a street commando, Nino for example
This lavish lifestyle is hard to handle
So I got to floss cause I'm more like a boss player
Thug, branded to be a women-layer
So many player haters, imitators steady swanging
Make me wanna start back banging
So I'm caught up in the game, dress code changed
Packing 40 Glocks, contain em or rearrange
All that jealousy and envy coming from my enemies
While I'm sipping on Remy
In front of black Lexus, Chevy's on the roam
'96 big body, sitting on chrome
As we head up out the zone, stone-facing is on
You can admire, but don't look too long
I'm living a dream with triple beams and my pockets bulgin'
It's hard to imagine
Picture me rollin'
[Refrain: Danny Boy]
Picture me rollin'
Picture, picture me rollin'
Picture me rollin'
Picture me rollin'
Picture me
[Verse 3: CPO]
I gots to get the fuck up in it, formulate a caper
Cause a nigga straight suffering from lack of having paper
My bitch fin' to have a bastard, see?
So I needs to hit a lick, drastically
I see some ballin' ass niggas, and they slippin' in my spot
And, uh, diggin' the plots (so what?)
Checking in the park, 'Pac
[2Pac]
We caught em sleeping, he didn't peep you niggas creeping?
This how we do it every weekend
I dump for madness, it's time to count the profit
CPO, we got the bomb spot, nigga time to clock it
I get the liquor, and you could get the females
This crooked shit that we inflicting getting street sales
[CPO]
Move smooth as a motherfucker, me and my 9
I'm as cool as a motherfucker, I'ma get mine
Now we satisfied, got the pockets on swollen
Boss Hog and this 'Pac nigga: picture us rollin'
[Refrain: Danny Boy](repeat 'till end)
Picture me rollin'
[Outro: 2Pac]
Is y'all ready for me?
Picture me rollin" roll call
You know there's some muh'fuckers out there
I just could not forget about
I wanna make sure they can see me
Number one on my list: Clinton Correctional Facilities
All you bitch ass C.O.'s
Can you niggas see me from there?
Ballin' on y'all punk ass!
Picture me rollin', baby
Yeah, all them niggas up in them cell blocks
I told y'all niggas when I come home it's on
That's right nigga, picture me rollin'
Oh, I forgot! The D.A
Yeah, that bitch had a lot to talk about in court
Can the ho see me from here?
Can you see me, ho?
Picture me rollin'
And all you punk police, can you see me?
Am I clear to you?
Picture me rollin' nigga, legit
Free like O.J. all day
You can't stop me
You know I got my niggas up in this motherfucker
Manute, Pain, Syke, [Bogart], Mopreme
It's sad dog, can you picture us rolling?
Can you see me ho?
Is y'all ready for me?
We up out this bitch
Any time y'all wanna see me again
Rewind this track right here, close your eyes
And picture me rollin'

Check Out Time by 2Pac
[Intro: 2Pac]
Ay what time is it nigga?
("I don't know.")
Oh shit, 12 o'clock
Oh shit, we got to get the fuck up outta here
("Hell yeah.")
Nigga, it's check out time nigga
Hey call up Kurupt, call Daz room
("Hey there, bitch, where Suge at, nigga?")
Call Suge, call all the niggas tell 'em to meet me downstairs
("Where K and them niggas at man?")
Tell the valet, bring the Benz around
("Ay, y'all seen my shoes?")
Hey Kurupt, y'all niggas drivin or y'all flyin' back, whassup?
("Man, I'm rollin' man, fuck that shit.")
Hey Syke nigga, come on man, get up out the bathroom fool
("Fuck that, I lost some money, nigga.")
Aw nigga, damn
[Verse 1: 2Pac]
Now I'm up early in the mornin', breath stinkin' as I'm yawnin'
Just another sunny day in California
I got my mind focused on some papers while I'm into sexy capers
Give a holla to them hoochies last night, that tried to rape us
Will these rap lyrics take us, plus room all up in Vegas
I'm a boss playa, death before I let these bitches break us
Last night was like a fantansy, Alizé and Hennessy
A hoochie and her homie dirty dancin' with my man and me
Told her I was interested, picture all the shit we did
I got her hot and horny, all up on me, what a freaky bitch
First you argued, then I fight it, til you lick me where I like it
Got a nigga all excited, it don't matter, just don't bite it
I never got to check out the scence
Too busy tryin' to dig a hole in your jeans
Now it seems, it's check out time
[Hook: Natasha Walker & 2Pac]
We gotta go (x2)
Gotta go, gotta go
Yeah baby, hahaha, it's check it out time
We gotta go (x4)
Gotta go, nigga, gotta go
("Y'all know what time it is!")
Ay, c'mon man get y'all bags man, call that valet motherfucker
Tell him to get a nigga shit, cause we out this, motherfucker
[Verse 2: Kurupt]
They label me an outlaw, so it's time for the panty raid
My fantansies came true with Janet on, I'm in a escapade
But did it all, end too soon
All the homies runnin' through the halls room to room, so I assume
Since I'm a playa like my nigga Syke
Then it's only right for me to disappear into the night
My game's trump tight, so I find time to recline
Sneak in your room, instant Messiah, shit wines of all kinds
I ain't got that much time
So hurry up and pop the Dom and let me hit it from behind
Since I'm only here for one night, I got to get you hot and heated
Play like Micheal Jackson, and Beat It
One more thing I like to mention, I'm done and I'm out
Cause there's someone else who deserves my attention
So all the homies round up in the lobby
Cause bustin' bitches is a hobby, nigga
It's check out time
[Hook: Natasha Walker & Kurupt]
We gotta go (x8)
Aiyyo man Pac ay, where the where the fuck is Daz at man?
This nigga locked up or somethin'?
The only one not to leave
Yo man, it's check out time, it's time to get out this mother
You seem them bitches?
We out man, fuck that shit
Yo Rece! Yo nigga, whassup?
[Verse 3: Syke]
Hey I'm livin' the life of a boss playa
The front desk callin' but I'm checkin' out later
My behaviour is crazy from what you did to me baby
If walls could talk, they'd say, you tried to fade me
I'm puttin' in work, but didn't hurt from the jacuzzi to the bed
Carressin' your thoughts, cause I'm livin' Fed
Heard what I said? Passion is crashin' the room
From the liquor we consumed I heard a boom
I'm blackin' out, you're yellin' out 'Big Syke Daddy'
We did it in the caddy on the highway, my way
I'm lost in a dream and so it seemed, to be the night
Five bottles of Cristal and I'm still tight
Out of sight from Pac and Kurupt
As I get it up, once the doors close, you stuck
In a heaty, sticky situation
Get up baby, you ain't on vacation
It's check out time
[Hook: Natasha Walker & Syke]
We gotta go (x8)
Ay, it's check out time
Ay Pac, nigga where my motherfuckin', where my shoes go, nigga?
Where my motherfuckin' drawers and shit at man?
Man, y'all niggas was in here partyin' too fuckin' much
What the fuck y'all doin', nigga?
Kurupt, go tell Daz, man, and Bogart and the rest of them niggas
C'mon man, niggas is trippin' man
Front desk all callin' me, tellin' me to get the hell outta here, man
We gotta go (x8)
I ain't got no more money, somebody loan me a hundred

Ratha Be Ya Nigga by 2Pac
[Intro: Richie Rich, 2Pac]
[RR] Pac
[PAC] Hey
[RR] What's happening
[PAC] Not motherfucking double R, Richie Rich
[RR] What's happening baby, you know how we do it
[PAC] Yeah nigga, you know I'm up out this bitch
It's time for me to uhhh regulate
[RR] Fo' sho', hey
[PAC] Observe
[RR] and you ain't going back?
[PAC] Nah nah nah, we got to show these motherfuckers whassup though
[RR] This is for the honeys, the super ?
[PAC] I don't want to be her man, I want to be her nigga
You feel me?
[RR] Well let em know
[Verse 1]
[2Pac]
You fucking with niggas that's insecure
Watered down, my shit is pure
Write down my number but don't call me 'til you sure
I ain't begging just trying to relocate between your legs
Dripping wet, as we experiment in sweaty sex
When you met me you wouldn't let me, and now
You straight begging to sex me got you undressing to test me and uhh..
[Richie Rich]
Shut me down if you want, and miss the chance to do it live
When I stroll by, I see that look in yo' eye
You want a nigga, but think that you can't have a nigga
Don't cheat yourself, instead treat yourself
If you scared, go to church, I know it hurts
To find out me and your man be sharing skirts
[2Pac]
I'm hoping you don't take this the wrong way
But your body is banging, got me attracted in a strong way
After a long day of trying to make my songs pay
Making love all day against the wall in the hallway
Your fantasies come alive, your heart rate
Shall increase when we meet up in this dark place
You might think you're happy with him
But that's a lie, so give this thug a try
I'd rather be ya nigga
[Hook x2: 2Pac]
I'd rather be ya N-I-G-G-A
So we can get drunk and smoke weed all day
It don't matter if you lonely baby, you need a thug in your life
Cause busters ain't loving you right
[Verse 2]
[2Pac]
Look, now you was sprung from the introduction
My conversation's full of game yet laced with seductions
I see you blushing like you want something, come get a taste
Of Amerikaz Most Wanted and let's get into some touching, erotic fuckin
My up and down with no interruptions
Have no intentions of busting until you learn your lesson
Now many questions are often asked, a drop top, 500 Benz
And plenty cash, to help a nigga get the ass
[Richie Rich]
You can ride out with spoke coke, to get your lobster and crab
Cause all I got is conversation and a gang of stab
And I'mma listen when it hurts, I'ma hang out but never stay
Smoke blunts but leave them stunts up to Super Dave
I'll be your nigga, as long as we can understand
That I's the nigga and spoke coke can be the man
He wine and dine, but me and you we whine and grind
And when I'm on the field keep you on the sidelines
[Hook]
[Verse 3]
[2Pac]
Now it's time for the moment of truth, I got you naked
Totally sweating, let's see how hot I can make it
Tongue kissing til yo' head swang
I'm so into you, witness a nigga make the bed bang
If it's all mine, then let me know
Now scream my name out; do you want it fast or shall I hit it slow?
Not to mention, the multiple positions I inflict
A boss player, freaky motherfucker, can addict
[Richie Rich]
It's on and popping, now you see what I was seeing
Why your eyes rolling? Loosen up, girl, I ain't going
Nowhere, let's let that sucker stay out there
While he's stressed out and knock I stretch out the cock
Hold the boots, and let a nigga execute
And though you got it right, I'm going home tonight
[2Pac]
You say you don't need a man, but I don't care
You're in the presence of a player, I'd rather be ya nigga
[Hook]

All Eyez On Me by 2Pac
[Intro: 2Pac speaking]
Big Syke, Newt, Hank
Beugard, Big Sur
Y'all know how this shit go
All eyes on me
Motherfuckin' O.G
Roll up in the club and shit, is that right
All eyes on me
All eyes on me
But you know what?
[Verse 1: 2Pac]
I bet you got it twisted you don't know who to trust
So many playa hatin' niggas tryin' to sound like us
Say they ready for the funk, but I don't think they knowin'
Straight to the depths of hell is where those cowards goin'
Well are you still down nigga, holla when you see me
And let these devils be sorry for the day they finally freed me
I got a caravan of niggas every time we ride
Hittin' motherfuckers up when we pass by
Until I die; live the life of a boss playa
Cause even when I'm high, fuck with me and get crossed later
The futures in my eyes, cause all I want is cash and thangs
A five-double-oh Benz flauntin' flashy rings, uhh
Bitches pursue me like a dream
Been know to disappear before your eyes just like a dope fiend
It seems, my main thing was to be major paid
The game sharper than a motherfuckin razor blade
Say money bring bitches, bitches bring lies
One nigga's gettin jealous, and motherfuckers die
Depend on me like the first and fifteenth
They might hold me for a second, but these punks won't get me
We got four niggas, in low riders, and ski masks
Screamin' THUG LIFE every time they pass - all eyes on me
[Hook: 2Pac (x2)]
Live the life of a thug nigga, until the day I die
Live the life of a boss playa, cause even gettin' high
(All eyes on me)
[Verse 2: Syke]
Heeyyy, to my nigga 'Pac
So much trouble in the world, nigga
Can nobody feel your pain
The world's changin' everyday, time's movin' fast
My girl said I need a raise, how long will she last
I'm caught between my woman, and my pistol, and my chips
Triple beam, got some smokers on, whistle as I dip
I'm lost in the land with no plan, livin' life flawless
Crime boss, contraband, let me toss this
Needy hookers got a lot of nerve, let my bucket swerve
I'm takin' off from the curb
The nervousness neglect make me pack a tech
Devoted to servin' this, Moet and pay checks
Like Akai satellite nigga I'm forever ballin'
It ain't right parasites triggers and fleas crawlin'
Sucker duck and get busted, no emotion
My devotion is handlin' my business, nigga, keep on coastin'
Where you goin' I been there, came back as lonely homie
Steady flowin' against the grain, niggas still don't know me
It's about the money in this rap shit, this crap shit
It ain't funny niggas don't even know how to act, shit
What can I do, what can I say, is there another way
Blunts and gin all day, twenty-fo' parlay
My little homie G, can't you see, I'm busta-free
Niggas can't stand me - all eyes on me
[Hook]
[Verse 3: 2Pac]
The feds is watchin', niggas plottin' to get me
Will I survive, will I die, come on let's picture the possibility
Givin' me charges, lawyers makin' a grip
I told the judge I was raised wrong, and that's why I blaze shit
Was hyper as a kid, cold as a teenager
On my mobile callin' big shots on the scene major
Packin' hundreds in my drawers; fuck the law
Bitches I fuck with a passion, I'm livin' rough and raw
Catchin' cases at a fast rate, ballin' in the fast lane
Hustle til the mornin', never stopped until the cash came
Live my life as a thug nigga until the day I die
Live my life as a boss playa, cause even gettin' high
These niggas got me tossin' shit
I put the top down, now it's time to floss my shit
Keep your head up, nigga, make these motherfuckers suffer
Up in the Benz, burnin' rubber
The money is mandatory, the hoes is for the stress
This criminal lifestyle, equipped with the bulletproof vest
Make sure your eyes is on the meal ticket
Get your money, motherfucker, let's get rich and we'll kick it
All eyes on me
[Hook]
[Outro: 2Pac speaking]
Pay attention my niggas
See how that shit go
Nigga, walk up in this, motherfucker
And it be like, bing
Cops, bitches, everymotherfuckingbody
Live my life as a thug nigga until the day I die
Live my life as a boss playa, cause even gettin' high
I got bustas, hoes and police watchin' a nigga, y'know
I live my life as a thug nigga until the day I die
Livin' life as a boss playa, cause even gettin' high
Hehehe ... it's like what they think
I'm walkin' around with some Ki's in my pocket or somethin'
They think I'm goin' back to jail, they really on that dope
Live my life as a thug nigga until the day I die
Live my life as a boss playa
I know y'all watchin', I know y'all got me in the scopes
Live my life as a thug nigga until the day I die
Live my life as a boss playa, cause even gettin' high
I know y'all know this is THUG LIFE baayy-bay
Y'all got me under surveillance, huh
All eyes on me, but I'm knowin'

Run Tha Streetz by 2Pac
[Hook: Michel'le] (x2)
You can run the streets with your thugs
I'll be waiting for you
Until you get through
I'll be waiting
[Verse 1: 2Pac]
Now peep it, here go the secret on how to keep a playa
Some love makin' and homecookin', I'll see you later
It don't take a lot to keep a nigga heart
Must be a lady in the light but real freaky in the dark
Plus I got some enemies, baby, hold my pistol
And wrap your arms around a nigga everytime I kiss you
Can you visualize the picture, me and you in ecstasy
Don't be upset, it's good sex, when you next to me
Do you wanna test me, put your tired head on my chest
A thug nigga's in the house, now you can rest
I bet'cha never screamed a nigga's whole name out
And felt the pleasure and the pain
About to fuck the very taste out your mouth
If you call me when you need me
1-800-skypage, when you wanna see me
Cause I can be your man
And, baby, you can be my lady
But you gotta give a nigga space or you'll drive me crazy
Run the streets
[Hook] (x2)
[Verse 2: Storm]
Now me and you was cool, but I ain't the one to play the fool
Can't make no money in bed
So ain't no future fuckin' you, I ain't the bitch to love ya
Can't do a damn thang for you, if ya ain't about money
9 times outta 10, I'll ignore you, it's a man's world
But real women make the shit go around
Disrespect and I clown the type of bitch to throw down
Throw up the block cause nothin' stops my chips
I boss play ya with this, then twist you lame tricks
Holler if you understand my plan, ladies
Fuck havin' babies by them shady ass niggas, swearin' he can save me
My strategy's official
Checkin' ya pockets while I tounge kiss ya
Soft as tissue
So my next issue is 'how to diss you ?'
They call me Storm from the day I was born
I been known to break the coldest motherfucker, til his hearts warm
I ain't never been the type to wait at home alone
Just cause we bone
Don't mean you own me
Nigga, I'm grown
[Hook] (x2)
[Verse 3]
[Mutah]
I'd rather run the streets to make some mail
And put the game down tight
For these gamin' bitches could get it right
It might be a plan that I'm chosen
Don't get in confusion
Because I'm known for showin' examples how I do it
Thinkin' I'm new to this, because I'm younger
Where I'll only leave you suspecious and to wonder
And at the end I make a come up
Nigga, was raised up off of M.O.B
Fetti over something
That's tellin' me don't run the streets
[2Pac]
So tell me am I wrong?
For tryin' to communicate through a song
I'm up early in the morning, by sunrise I'll be gone
All my homies is waitin' for me
Plottin' on plans that we made and all the fun that it's gonna be
So meet me at 3'
And don't be late nigga
We hangin' out all night while drinkin' straight liquor
I heard it's poppin' at a club
But they say I can't get in, cause I'm dressed like a thug
Until I die
I'll be game related
Got me strivin' for a million, stayin' motivated
Now that we made it
It's a battle just for the big money
I'm livin' wild, no smiles, cause ain't a thing funny
I came up hungry, just a lil' nigga, tryin' to make it
I only got one chance, so I gotta take it
Ya never know when it's all gonna happen
The rappin' or the drugs
But until then give me love
And let me run the streets
[Hook] (x7)

Ain't Hard 2 Find by 2Pac
[2Pac] They say
[Intro/Hook]
[B-Legit] Influenced by crime, addicted to grindin'
[C-Bo] Where I can pile up my chips
[Richie Rich] And niggas call me a timer
[2Pac] I been ballin' since my adolescent years steady climbin'
[E-40] Man, you motherfuckers don't know nuttin' about no timin'
[2Pac] That's right, that's right boy start that shit off
[Verse 1: 2Pac]
I heard a rumour I died, murdered in cold blood dramatized
Pictures of me in my final stage you know Mama cried
But that was fiction, some coward got the story twisted
Like I no longer existed, mysteriously missin'
Although I'm worldwide, baby I ain't hard to find
Why I spend most of my time, my California grind
Watching for thievin' I'm cautious it's like I'm barely breathin'
Puttin a bullet in motherfuckers give me a reason
See me and hope I'm intoxicated or slightly faded
You tried to play me now homicide is my only payment
I'm addicted to currency in this life I lead
Why the fuck you cowards be runnin', too scared to fight a G
For the life of me, I cannot see
How motherfuckers picture livin' life after a night of fuckin' around with me
And if you don't like this rhyme
Then bring your big bad ass to California, cause we ain't hard to find
[Hook]
[Verse 2: C-Bo]
I got my locs on hard hat goin' to war
Breakin' them off on sight, stoppin' lives like red lights
Watch em pause as I pull my strap, out my drawers
And get to dumpin' on they ass, like the last outlaws
Rich, 2Pac and the Click, smokin' blunts, loadin' clips
With enough shit to raise your block in one dip
We bring on horror like Tales From the Crypt
And we ain't hard to find is the tales that we kick
[B-Legit]
I'm fully automatic full of static and shit
Movin' Dodge van fifty rounds in the clip
I'm ridin' shot gun with the tint in the back
I'm plan to have a motherfuckerin' mint in this rap
I'm from the V-A-L-L-E-J-O
Where sellin' narcotics is all I know
I got blow, speed, bleed, whatever yo' kind
And if you need a motherfucker I ain't hard to find
[D-Shot]
Some may call me Bootsy, but I call it timin'
That's while I keeps on grindin' (that's right)
To the point where a nigga can't stop
Too much feelin' this shit, that's why I'm quick to peel a bitch
Whether it's a nigga or a ho, a ho
Get in my way, then that ass gots to go
Cause a nigga steady plottin'
I serves hit for hit, and motherfuckers keep droppin'
[Hook]
[2Pac] C-Bo and D-Shot, E-40, Richie Rich
[E-40] Da Bay, beitch!
[Verse 3: E-40]
Down the steps
Abandoned broken down apartment complex
Heavy metal lipstick hairy can't be scary
Playboy, what the fuck is the proof without the trauma plate
Nigga, what the fuck you got a gun for, if ya gonna hesitate
Best shake and bake all those I-was-finst-to-ask niggas
Motherfuckers-didn't-think-I was-gon'-do-somethin'-ass niggas
Threaten your life, ain't like you love him
Bury your thoughts, take his head fuck him have at him
[Richie Rich]
Check this out
I grew up with that nigga
Threw up with that nigga
I hear he tryin' to ride
Double-edgin' for the other side
But now, my Glock be so judgemental
Back seat of a rental
Keep my name out your dental, nigga
If your gum bleeding and you needing
More than twenty stitches, you behaved like them bitches
Sideways to the race
Heavy in the game
Check the resident, it's all the same
Nigga, and we ain't hard to find
[2Pac] Hell nah we ain't hard to find
[C-Bo] The whole clickilation fool
[E-4]) Motherfuckers hard to find, right here bitch
[2Pac] Why them niggas acting like they can't find us? Like they can't see us and like we don't be at the same spots they be at? It's the same congregation. Young Pac is back, youknowhatImean?
[C-Bo] Nigga be lookin' all the way when he see you and shit
It's a celebration, Young Pac is back
[E-40] Motherfuckers better understand this shit
[2Pac] Ay D-Shot nigga can we get paid man?
Can we just go there and sock this shit up?
Hey, we smokin', and we ain't hard to find
Drinkin' and shit, fuckin' with some hurricane
[E-40] A motherfucker's gonna get his Marlboro's regardless playa
[2Pac] You supposed to
Sideways to the next light...

Heaven Ain't Hard 2 Find by 2Pac
[Intro]
[2Pac]
Heaven ain't hard to find
[Danny Boy]
All you gotta do is look
[Verse 1]
Simply because you nervous, let me start off with my conversation
Hoping my information, alleviates the hesitiation
I can see it clearly now
Catch you smilin' through your frown
I'm askin' baby boo are you down
Although I know you've heard about my reputation
Across the nation, Mr. I-get-around
My temptation got me drippin' wet, perspiration
I'm activated by the moves you're makin'
Baby why you fakin'? Strip naked get tp love makin'
See it's all in your mind, so every time I sip a glass of wine
I fantasize til that ass is mine
Never gettin' but wantin', never touchin' but wishin'
A straight thug on a mission, until I get what I'm missin'
Stop with the beeper, baby, listen
I know you're grown but pay attention
Let me hypnotize with my tongue kissin'
This is a message to bomb bodies and all dimes
Turn around one more time, heaven ain't hard to find
[Hook]
[Danny Boy]
Heaven
[2Pac]
Heaven ain't hard to find
[Danny Boy]
Heaven ain't hard to find
[Verse 2]
Heaven ain't hard to find
In fact you can have it just have faith
Just like a little kid, still believin' in magic
It takes a lot of sacrifice
With all the lonely nights on tour
I need somebody I can trust in my life
Let me apply the brakes
Baby, you're movin' to fast
My conversations are gettin' deeper, but first let me ask
Are you afraid of a thug?
And have you ever made love
With candles and bubbles sipping in your tub ?
Touch me and let me activate your blood pressure
This thug passion help the average man love better
Picture me naked and glistenin' beneath the moonlight mist
Take a shot of that Alizé, come give me a kiss
And maybe we can be better friends, perhaps we'll be closer
I'll be the thug in your life, baby, and you'll be my soldier
And I know it takes some time and you got a lot of questions on your mind
But relax, in due time
Heaven ain't hard to find
[Hook]
[Verse 3]
You think we all dogs, that's why you cautious when I approached you
Been talkin' since you arrived, but not a word is spoken
Through my eye contact I wink and you respond back
Lookin' mean, what's all that?
It's like the closer you get
Baby, the quicker I'm speakin'
I got a flight out to Cabo
Let's kick it this weekend
I'm sipping Hennessy and Coke
Though addicted to weed smoke
I'm fiendin' for your body even mo'
Oh God, help me, identify me truest thoughts
Your hidden motives full of passion
Who would have thought?
Come holler at me baby, love me for my thug nature
Far from a playa hater, label me a money maker,
Straight heart breaker
Baby we can be friends, I can soup you in my Benz
We'll ride, I'll let you floss it for your friends
Once we begin
Until the end, it gets better with time
I'm makin' love to your mind, baby
Heaven ain't hard to find
[Hook w/ minor variations]
