Young Black Male by 2Pac
[Intro w/ minor variations]
Hard like an erection
Young black male
Ain't shit to fool with
Yes niggas... yes niggas... yes niggas...
Go nigga, go!
[Verse: 2Pac]
Young black male
I try to effect by kicking the facts
And stacking much mail
I'm packing a gat cause guys wanna jack
And fuck going to jail
Cause I ain't a crook, despite how I look
I don't sell yayo
They judging a brother like covers on books
Follow me into a flow
I'm sure you know, which way to go
I'm hitting 'em out of the doors
So slip on the slope, let's skip on the flow
I'm fucking the sluts and hoes
The bigger the butts the tighter the clothes
The gimminy jimminy grows
Then whaddaya know, it's off with some clothes
Rowd when the crowd says ho
That let's me know, they know I can flow
Love when they come to my shows
I get up and go with skins before
When I'm collecting my dough
I never respect, the one that I back
The quicker the nigga can rap
The bigger the check
Now watch how they sweat
What kind of style is that?
The style of a mack, and ready to jack
I rendered up piles of black
The wacker the pack, the fatter the smack
I hate it when real niggas bust
They hate when I cuss, they threaten to bust
I had enough of the fuss
I bust what I bust and cuss when I must
They gave me a charge for sales
For selling the tales... of young black males
[Outro]
Yes nigga, N-I-G-G-A, niggas
Ay nigga, you can't handle that shit!
Pass that man!
Hit that shit, that's the shit!
It smell like skunk, skunk smell like that nigga momma
We ain't nuttin' but some low down dirty niggas
Keep it real nigga, fuck you nigga!
You ain't giving me near a dime on this real motherfucker
Fuck St. Ides, it's an Old E thing baby
Strictly some of that Hennessy
Can I drink with you fellas? Can I get it on it?
Fuck you capo. You ain't in baby
I tell you what! You guys are not gonna be talking
All that shit, when I come back, OK?
We gonna say who the big mouth, when I come back
Young black male!

Trapped by 2Pac
[Verse 1]
You know they got me trapped in this prison of seclusion
Happiness, living on the streets is a delusion
Even a smooth criminal one day must get caught
Shot up or shot down with the bullet that he bought
Nine millimeter kickin' thinkin' about what the streets do to me
Cause they never talk peace in the black community
All we know is violence, do the job in silence
Walk the city streets like a rat pack of tyrants
Too many brothers daily heading for the big pen
Niggas comin' out worse-off than when they went in
Over the years I done a lot of growin' up
Gettin drunk, throwin' up
Cuffed up
Then I said I had enough
There must be another route, way out
To money and fame, I changed my name
And played a different game
Tired of being trapped in this vicious cycle
If one more cop harrasses me I just might go psycho
And when I get 'em, I'll hit 'em with the bum rush
Only a lunatic would like to see his skull crushed
Yo, if you're smart you'll really let me go, G
But keep me cooped up in this ghetto and catch the Uzi
They got me trapped
[Hook]
[Uh uh, they can't keep the black man down]
They got me trapped
[Naw, they can't keep the black man down]
Trapped
[Uh uh, they can't keep the black man down]
Trapped
[Naw, they can't keep the black man down]
[Verse 2]
They got me trapped
Can barely walk the city streets
Without a cop harrassing me, searching me
Then asking my identity
Hands up, throw me up against the wall
Didn't do a thing at all
I'm telling you one day these suckers gotta fall
Cuffed up throw me on the concrete
Coppers try to kill me
But they didn't know this was the wrong street
Bang bang, count another casualty
But it's a cop who's shot for his brutality
Who do you blame? It's a shame because the man's slain
He got caught in the chains of his own game
How can I feel guilty after all the things they did to me?
Sweated me, hunted me
Trapped in my own community
One day I'm gonna bust
Blow up on this society
Why did ya lie to me?
I couldn't find a trace of equality
Work me like a slave while they laid back
Homie don't play that
It's time I let 'em suffer the payback
I'm tryin to avoid physical contact
I can't hold back, it's time to attack jack
They got me trapped
[Hook]
[Verse 3]
Now I'm trapped and want to find my getaway
All I need is a 'G' and somewhere safe to stay
Can't use the phone
Cause I'm sure someone is tapping in
Did it before
Ain't scared to use my gat again
I look back in hindsight the fight was irrelevant
But now he's the devils friend
Too late to be tellin' him
He shot first and I'll be damned if I run away
Homie is done away I should of put my gun away
I wasn't thinkin' all I heard was the ridicule
Girlies was laughin', Tup sayin "Damn homies is dissin you"
I fired my weapon
Started steppin' in the hurricane
I got shot so I dropped
Feelin' a burst of pain
Got to my feet
Couldn't see nothin' but bloody blood
Now I'm a fugitive to be hunted like a murderer
Ran through an alley
Still lookin' for my getaway
Coppers said, "Freeze, or you'll be dead today."
Trapped in a corner
Dark and I couldn't see the light
Thoughts in my mind was the nine and a better life
What do I do? Live my life in a prison cell?
I'd rather die than be trapped in a living hell
They got me trapped
[Hook]

Soulja's Story by 2Pac
[Intro]
[Hook x4 in the background]
All you wanted to be, a soulja, a soulja
All you wanted to be, a soulja, like me
[2Pac talking as "Soulja"]
They cuttin' off welfare...
They think crime is rising now
You got whites killing blacks
Cops killing blacks, and blacks killing blacks
Shit just gon' get worse
They just gon' become souljas
Straight souljas
[Hook](x4)
[Verse 1: 2Pac as "Soulja"]
Crack done took a part of my family tree
My momma's on the shit, my daddy split and moms is steady blaming me
Is it my fault, just cause I'm a young black male?
Cops sweat me as if my destiny is makin' crack sales
Only fifteen and got problems
Cops on my tail, so I bail 'til I dodge 'em
They finally pull me over and I laugh
"Remember Rodney King?" and I blast on his punk ass
Now I got a murder case...
You speak of heaven punk? I never heard of the place
Wanted to come up fast, got a Uz' and a black mask
Ducking fuckin' Task, now who's the jackass?
Keep my shit cocked, cause the cops got a Glock too
What the fuck would you do - drop them or let 'em drop you?
I chose droppin' the cop
I got me a Glock, and a Glock for the niggas on my block
Momma tried to stab me, I moved out
Sold a pound a weed, made G's, bought a new house
I'm only seventeen, I'm the new king
Got me a crew, bought 'em jewels, and a Uz'-thick
But all good things don't last
Task came fast, and busted my black ass
Coolin' in the pen, where the good's kept
Now my little brother wants to follow in my footsteps
A soulja
[Hook](x4)
[Verse 2: 2Pac]
Buck, buck - niggas get fucked, don't step to this
Quiet as kept I'm blessed on a quest with a death wish
Tell 'em to come and test, and arrest, nigga it's hectic
Here's the anorexic, I'm makin' it to an exit
Walking through the streets on the black tip
Packed with several gats, cause I'm on some pay 'em back shit
Niggas don't wanna try me, brother you'll get shot down
Now I'm king of the block, since my bigger brother's locked down
I'm hot now, so many punk police have got shot down
Other coppers see me on the block, and they jock now
That's what I call a kingpin
Send my brother what he needs and some weed up to Sing-Sing
Tellin' him just be ready set
Pack ya shit up quick; and when I hit, be prepared to jet
Niggas from the block on the boat now
Every single one got a gun, that'll smoke - pow!
These punks about to get hit by the best
I'm wearin' double vest... so aim at my fuckin' chest
I'll be makin' straight dome calls
Touch the button on the wall, you'll be pickin' up your own balls
I can still hear my mother shout
"Hit the pen nigga -- break your bigger brother out"
I got a message for the warden
I'm comin' for ya ass, as fast as Flash Gordon
We get surrounded in the mess hall, yes y'all
A crazy motherfucker making death calls
Just bring me my brother and we leavin'
For every minute you stall, one of y'all bleedin'
They brought my brother in a jiffy
I took a cop, just in case things got tricky
And just as we was walkin' out (BANG!)
I caught a bullet in the head, the screams never left my mouth
My brother caught a bullet too
I think he gon' pull through, he deserve to
The fast life ain't everything they told ya
Never get much older, following the tracks of a soulja
[Hook](x4)
[Hook in the background]
[2Pac speaking over background]
Straight soulja, 1993, and forward

I Don't Give A Fuck by 2Pac
[Intro]
(*phone ringing*)
What's up?
(Yo this [?], rollers tried to jack a nigga
’Cause a nigga with a pearl rollin' on a Coupé with goldens)
(*phone ringing*)
(Yo man, what's up, this riding motherfucker
Jack me at rollin' 'round bumping
’Cause music's too loud, you know what I'm sayin'?)
(*phone ringing*)
(Yo this P-O to the G-O
Motherfucking cop just jacked me
’Cause I was drinking beer in milk valley
What's up man?) Aight' man, fuck 'em
(*phone hanging up*)
[Verse 1: 2Pac]
I Don't Give a Fuck
They done pushed me to my limit, I'm all in
I might blow up any minute, did it again
And now I'm in the back of the paddy wagon
While this cop's bragging about the nigga he's jackin'
I see no justice, all I see is niggas dying fast
The sound of a gun blast, then watch the hearse pass
Just another day in the life, G
Gotta step lightly, cause cops tried to snipe me
The cabs, they don't wanna stop for a brother, man
But damn near have an accident to pick up another man
I went to the bank to cash my check
I get more respect from the mothafucking dope man
The Grammy's and American Music shows
They pimp us like hoes, take our dough, but they hate us though
You better keep your mind on the real shit
And fuck trying to get with these crooked ass hypocrites
The way they see it, we was meant to be kept down
Just can't understand why we getting respect now
Mama told me there'd be days like this
But I'm pissed, cause it stays like this
And now they're trying to ship me off to Kuwait?
Give me a break, how much shit can a nigga take?
I ain't going nowhere no how
Bush wanna throw down?
Better bring the gun, pal
Cause this is the day we make 'em pay
Fuck bailing hay, I better spray with an AK
And even if they shoot me down
There'll be another nigga bigger from the mothafuckin' underground
So step but you better step quick
Cause the clock's going tick and I'm sick of the bullshit
You're watching the makings of a psychopath
But you sit and laugh before the wrath and aftermath
Who's that behind the trigger?
Who do you think? A mothafucking 90's nigga
Ready to buck and rip shit up, I had enough!
(Yeah) And I just Don't Give a Fuck
[Verse 2: Pogo]
Nigga, it ain't just the blacks
It's also a gang of motherfuckers dressed in blue slacks
They say niggas hang in packs and they attitudes is shitty
So tell me, who's the biggest gang of niggas in the city?
They say we niggas like to do niggas
So me an' a cop are just two niggas
A street walking nigga and a beat walking nigga
With a badge, I end his future and his past
With a blast take his cash before I dash I bash his head in
Dump him at the dead end and that's just his luck
Cause a nigga like P, don't really give a fuck
[Verse 3: 2Pac]
Walked in the store, what's everybody staring at?
They act like they never seen a motherfucker wearing black
Following a nigga and shit - ain't this a bitch?
All I wanted was some chips
I wanna take my business elsewhere - but where?
’Cause who in the hell cares?
About a black man with a black need
They wanna jack me like some kind of crack fiend
I wonder if he knows that my income
Is more than his pension, salary and then some
Your daughter is my number one fan
And your trife-ass wife wants a life with a black man
So who's the mack, in fact who's the black jack?
Sit back and get fat off the fat cat
While he thinks that he's getting over
I bust a move as smooth as Casanova
And count another quick mill'
I'm getting paid for my trade but I'm still real
And if you look between the lines you'll find a rhyme
As strong as a fucking nine
Mail stacked up, niggas wanna act up
Let's put the gats up and throw your blacks up
But the cops getting dropped by the gun shot
Used to come but he's done, now we run the block
To my brothers: stay strong keep your heads up
They know we fed up; but they just Don't Give a Fuck
They just don't give a fuck
[Outro: 2Pac]
I gotta give my fuck offs
Fuck you to the San Francisco Police Department
Fuck you to the Marin County Sheriff's Department
Fuck you to the FBI
Fuck you to the CIA
Fuck you to the B-U-S-H
Fuck you to the Ameri-K-K-Ka
Fuck you to all you redneck prejudice motherfuckers
That wanna fuck with me, fuck y'all!
Punk gay sensitive little dick bastards
2Pacalypse motherfuckerin' now
Y'all can all kiss my ass and suck my dick
And my Uncle Tommy's balls
Fuck y'all
Punks (*echoes*)

Violent by 2Pac
[Verse 1]
They claim that I'm violent
Just cause I refuse to be silent
These hypocrites are havin' fits
’Cause I'm not buyin' it, defyin' it
Envious because I will rebel against
Any oppressor - and this is known as self defense
I show no mercy, they claim that I'm the lunatic
But when the shit gets thick, I'm the one you go and get
Don't look confused, the truth is so plain to see
’Cause I'm the nigga that you sell-outs are ashamed to be
In every jeep and every car, brothers stomp this
I'm Never Ignorant, Getting Goals Accomplished
The Underground Railroad on an uprise
This time the truth's gettin' told, heard enough lies
I told 'em fight back, attack on society
If this is violence, then violent's what I gotta be
If you investigate you'll find out where it's comin' from
Look through our history, America's the violent one
Unlock my brain, break the chains of your misery
This time the payback for evil shit you did to me
They call me militant, racist cause I will resist
You wanna censor somethin', motherfucker censor this!
My words are weapons and I'm steppin' to the silent
Wakin' up the masses, but you, claim that I'm violent
[Hook x3]
"They claimin' that I'm violent"
"Fuck the damn cop!"
"Just because we play what the people want"
[Verse 2]
The cops can't stand me, but they can't touch me
Call me a dope man, cause I rock dope beats
Jacked by the police, didn't have my ID
I said, "Excuse me, why you tryin' to rob me?"
He had the nerve to, say that I had a curfew
("Do you know what time it is?
Get out the fucking car, or I'll hurt you!")
Get out the car - or I'lI hurt you
So here I go, I better make my mind up
Pick my nine up or hit the line-up
I chose B, stepped into the streets
The first cop grabbed me, the other ripped my seat
They grabbed my homie and they threw him to the concrete
(Ay man... Aiyyo... Ay man, just c'mon?)
("What you doin man?")
They tried to frame me
They tried to say I had some dope in the back seat
But I'm a rap fiend, not a crack fiend
My homie panicked ("I'm out") he tried to run
(Freeze nigga!) I heard a bullet fire from the cop's gun
My homie dropped, so I hit the cop
I kept swingin', yo, I couldn't stop
Before I knew it, I was beatin' the cop senseless
The other cop dropped his gun, he was defenseless
(Argh, fuck you! Ungh!)
Now I'm against this cop who was racist
Givin' him a taste, of trading places
And all this, cause the peckerwood was tryin' this
Frame up, but I came up
Now they claimin' that I'm violent
[Hook]
[Verse 3]
As I was beatin' on a cop, I heard a gun click (uh-ohh)
Then the gun shot, but I wasn't hit
I turned around it was my homie with the gun in hand
He shot the cop (Damn!) now he's a dead man
I said, come on, it's time for us to get away
(Let's go, we gotta get the fuck outta here.)
They called for backup, and they'll be on their way
Jumped in the car and tried to get away quick
The car wouldn't start (Damn!) we in deep shit
So we jumped out (C'mon, let's take the cop's car)
We drove a little ways thinkin' that we got far
But I looked up and all I saw was blue lights
(that's a lotta of one time)
If I die tonight, I'm dying in a gunfight
I grabbed the AK, my homie took the 12 gauge
(yeah, it's on now)
Load 'em up quick, it's time for us to spray
We'll shoot 'em up with they own fuckin' weapons
And when we through sprayin' then we steppin'
This is a lesson, to the rednecks and crooked cops
You fuck with real niggas, get ya fuckin' ass dropped
So here we go, the police against us
Dark as dusk, waitin' for the guns to bust
(What's next man?) What's next, I don't know and I don't care
One thing fo' sho', tommorrow I won't be here
But if I go, I'm takin' all these punks with me
(Pass me a clip) Pass me a clip, G, now come and get me
You wanna sweat me, never get me to be silent
Givin' them a reason, to claim that I'm violent
[Hook]

Words of Wisdom by 2Pac
[Intro]
Killing us one by one
In one way or another
America will find a way to eliminate the problem
One by one
The problem is the troublesome black youth of the ghetto's
And one by one
We are being wiped off the face of this earth
At an extremly alarming rate
And even more alarming is the fact
That we are not fighting back
Brothers, sisters, niggas
When I say "nigga" it is not the nigga we have grown to fear
It is not the nigga we say as if it has no meaning
But to me it means Never Ignorant Getting Goals Accomplished, nigga
Niggas, what are we going to do?
Walk blind into a line or fight
Fight and die if we must die, like niggas
[Verse 1]
This is for the masses, the lower classes
The ones you left out, jobs were giving, better living
But we were kept out
Made to feel inferior, but we're superior
Break the chains in our brains that made us fear ya
Pledge allegiance to a flag that neglects us
Honour a man that that refuses to respect us
Emancipation Proclamation? Please!
Lincoln just said that to save the nation
These are lies that we all accepted
Say no to drugs but the governments' kept it
Running through our community, killing the unity
The war on drugs is a war on you and me
And yet, they say this is the Home of The Free
But if you ask me, it's all about hypocrisy
The constitution, yo, it don't apply to me
And Lady Liberty? Stupid bitch lied to me
This made me strong, and no one's gonna like what I'm pumpin'
But its wrong to keep someone from learning something
So get up, its time to start nation building
I'm fed up, we gotta start teach the children
That they can be all that they wanna to be
There's much more to life than just poverty
[Interlude]
This is definitely uh... words of wisdom
AMERICA! AMERICA! AMERIK-K-KA
I charge you with the crime of rape, murder, and assault
For suppressing and punishing my people
I charge you with robbery for robbing me of my history
I charge you with false imprisonment for keeping me
Trapped in the projects
And the jury finds you guilty on all accounts
And you are to serve the consequences of your evil schemes
Prosecutor, do you have any more evidence?
[Verse 2]
Words of Wisdom
Based upon the strength of a nation
Conquer the enemy armed with education
Protect yourself, reach for what you want to do
Know thyself, teach by what we've been through
Armed with the knowledge of the place we've been
No one will ever oppress this race again
No Malcolm X in my history text, why's that?
’Cause he tried to educate and liberate all blacks
Why is Martin Luther King in my book each week?
He told blacks, if they get smacked, turn the other cheek
I don't get it, so many questions went through my mind
I get sweated, they act like asking questions is a crime
But forget it, cause one day I'm gonna prove them wrong
Not every brother had his mother on the welfare line
The American Dream, though it seems like it's attainable
They're pulling your sleeve, don't believe
’Cause it will strangle ya
Pulling the life of your brain, I can't explain
Beg as you can obtain from which you came
Swear that your mother is living in equality
Forgetting your brother that's living in poverty
Thought they had us beaten when they took out King
But the battle ain't over till the black man sings
Words of Wisdom
The battle ain't over 'till the black man sings
Words of Wisdom
[Outro]
NIGHTMARE! That's what I am
America's Nightmare
I am what you made me
The hate and the evil that you gave me
I shine as a reminder of what you've done to my people
For four hundred plus years
You should be scared
You should be running
You should be trying to silence me
Ha, but you can not escape fate
For it is my turn to come
Just as you rose you will fall
By my hands
America, you reap what you sow
2Pacalypse, America's Nightmare
Ice Cube and Da Lynch Mob, America's Nightmare
Above The Law, America's Nightmare
Paris, America's Nightmare
Public Enemy, America's Nightmare
KRS-One, America's Nightmare
Mutulu Shakur, America's Nightmare
Geronimo Pratt, America's Nightmare
Assata Shakur, America's Nightmare

Something Wicked by 2Pac
[Intro/Hook]
Something wicked, this way comes
Some-Something wicked, this way comes
Some-Something wicked, this way comes
Some-Something wicked, this way comes
Something wicked, this way comes
Something wicked, this way comes
(wicked) (wicked)
[Verse]
'emember
More than an adversary, I'm very quick
I'm ready to hit 'em with this gift, I'm equipped to kick
So, grab your coat and your hat, cause I'm prepared to clown
Let's carry this end that throw these motherfuckers down
Oh shit, 2Pacalypse is back and strapped
Attackin' the packs, I'm kickin' the facts for stacks to rap
And those that max, relax and let the blacks get jacks
I'm gettin' taxed, my packs is packed with angry blacks
I'm ready to go
I'm rippin' the shows, hittin' the dough
Gettin' the hoes, clothes
Pumpin' the flow, thanks to the hump
Cause the nose knows
Check the pose, froze, when you see me close
Punks you gonna roast, host in a cloud of smoke
Broke, choked on some potent dank smoke
Wrote, rhymes that'll bring me bank notes
Nope, I ain't the type of fella that you're used to
Ki-ki-ki-kickin' the funky flava
Pumpin' the deuce with no producers
Run for cover when you hear the bass drum
One verse is all it takes
Something wicked this way comes
Come come, come come
[Hook/Outro]
Something wicked, this way comes
Something wicked, this way comes
Some-Something wicked, this way comes
Some-Something wicked, this way comes
Some-Something wicked, this way comes
Some-Something wicked, this way comes
Some-Something wicked, this way comes
Some-Something wicked, this way comes
Some-Something wicked, this way comes
Some-Something wicked, this way comes
Some-Something wicked, this way comes
Some-Something wicked, this way comes
Some-Something wicked, this way comes
Some-Something wicked, this way comes
Some-Something wicked, this way comes
Something wicked, wicked, wicked, wicked
Something wicked, this way comes
Wicked something wicked, this way comes
Something wicked kick it, this way comes
Wicked kick it, this way comes
Something wicked wicked wicked wicked ,this way comes
Something wicked wicked wicked wicked ,this way comes
Something wicked wicked, this way comes
Wicked wicked, this way COME
{​​monster sound}​​

Crooked Ass Nigga by 2Pac
[Intro]
(Suddenly I see some niggas that I don't like)
(*machine gun fires)
(Got him)
[Verse 1: 2Pac]
A smoking-ass nigga robbed me blind
I got a TEC-9 now his smokin' ass is mine
I guess I felt sorry for the bastard, he was broke
I didn't know he smoked so I didn't watch him close
He caught me on the sneak tip, now the punk's in deep shit
Catch him on the streets, I'mma bring him to his feet, quick
Pass the clip, I think I see him comin' now
Fuck the bullshit, posse deep and let's run him down
Gots to be the first one to hit ya when we meet
Comin' quickly up the streets, is the punk ass police
The first one jumped out and said "Freeze!"
I popped him in his knees and shot him, punk, please
’Cause cops should mind they business, when we rush
Now you're pleadin' like a bitch, cause you don't know how to, hush
Now back to the smoker that robbed me
I tell you like Latifah, motherfucker give me body
One to the chest, another to his fuckin' dome
Now the shit can rest, yo tell him to leave me the fuck alone
Two very bloody bodies on the streets
A nosey ass cop and a nigga that robbed from me
Run from your backup punk, how you figure?
My finger's on the trigger for you crooked ass niggas
[Hook]
Crooked ass niggas
(Criminal behaviour-- criminal-- criminal behaviour)
(Suddenly I see--)
(Cri-cri-criminal)
[Verse 2: Stretch]
Now listen to the mack of the crooked nigga trade
With the fine criminal mind, cold rips like a blade
It's already quick steppin to the niggas with the props
And any motherfucker with the flim-flam drops to the knot
Ten o'clock, is a motherfuckin' gank move
Stretch is Uptown, clockin' weight the shit is real smooth
A nigga's tryin to play me like he know me but he don't
Sittin' on ten kis, I'mma get him, think I won't?
My nigga 2Pac, got the fuckin Glock cocked, and he's ready
When the kid, didn't even bring the weight bag, instead he
Welcomed us, into his apartment
Oh, this even better, two to the head, he's dead a clean get a-WAY!
Niggas got PAID!
And yet another sleepin' ass nigga got slayed, word up
By a crooked motherfucker named Stretch
And the T-U-P-A-C, the police can't catch
[Hook]
The crooked ass niggas
(Criminal behaviour)
Yeah, you don't stop!
Crooked ass niggas
(Criminal-- criminal behaviour)
(Suddenly I see, some niggas that I don't like)
[Verse 3: 2Pac]
Now I could be a crooked nigga too
When I'm rollin' with my crew, watch what crooked niggas, do!
I got a nine millimeter Glock pistol
I'm ready to get witcha at the drop, of a whistle
So make your move, and act like you wanna flip
I fire thirteen shots, and pop another clip
I bring luck, my Glock's like a fuckin' mop
The more I shot, the more motherfuckers dropped
And even cops got shot when they rolled up
Best to bring a knot, or get popped, I'm a soldier
I ain't the type to fetch ya, ask Stretch, he's my witness
Smoke til I'm blitzed, fuck a motherfuckin' piss test
I'm trigger happy, try to 'tack me and I'll drop you quick
Long as I got a clip I got some shit to hit 'em with
The nigga killer I get iller when the shit gets thick
My brain flips, I start thinkin' like a lunatic
I rip shit, came equipped with a bigger crew
I thought these niggas knew, I'm a crooked nigga too
[Outro]
(Criminal behaviour-- criminal-- criminal behaviour)
Crooked ass niggas come in all shapes and sizes
They wear disguises, backstabbing's what they specialize in
They'll try to get 'cha, they'll sweat 'cha to get in the picture
And then they hit 'cha, son of a bitch! Now he's richer
(Criminal behaviour-- crimi-criminal behaviour)
Crooked ass nigga
(Suddenly I see, some niggas that I don't like)
(Criminal behaviour-- criminal-- criminal
Crimi-crim-criminal behaviour (haviour)-- criminal behaviour
Criminal behaviour)
(Suddenly I see, some niggas that I don't like)
(Suddenly I see, some niggas that I don't like)
(Suddenly I see, some niggas that I don't like)
(Criminal behaviour- criminal be- criminal crim--
Crim-criminal behaviour
Criminal be- crim-crim-crim-crim-crim--
Criminal behaviour-- criminal behaviour)
(Suddenly I see, some niggas that I don't like)
(*machine gun fires)
(Got him)
(Suddenly I see, some niggas that I don't like)
(*machine gun fires)
(Got him)
(Suddenly I see, some niggas that I don't like)
(*machine gun fires)
(Got him)

If My Homie Calls by 2Pac
[Verse 1]
Ever since you was a pee-wee, down by my knee with a wee-wee
We been coochie-coo all through school, you and me, G
Back in the days we played practical jokes on
Everybody smoked with they locs and they yokes on
All through high school, girls by the dozens
Saying we cousins, knowing that we wasn't
But like the old saying goes
Times goes on, and everybody grows
Grew apart, had to part, went our own ways
You chose the dope game, my microphone pays
In many ways we were paid in the old days
So far away from the crazies with AK's
And though I been around clowning with the Underground
I'm still down with my homies from the hometown
And if you need, need anything at all
I drop it all for y'all, if my homies call
[Hook]
“If you ever need a place to stay”
“Well, alright, y'all”
“Brothers and sisters”
[Verse 2]
It's a shame, you chose the dope game
Now you slang 'caine on the streets with no name
It was plain that your aim was mo' 'caine
You got game now you run with no shame
I chose rapping tracks to make stacks
In fact I travel the map with raps that spray cats
But now I don't wanna down my homie
No matter how low you go, you're not lowly
And I, hear that you made a few enemies
But when you need a friend you can depend on me, call
If you need my assistance, there'll be no resistance
I'll be there in an instant
Who am I to judge another brother, only on his cover
I'd be no different than the other
H-to-the-O-to-the-M-to-the-I-to-the-E
I'm down to the E-N-D
Cause it's a fall in no time at all
I'm down for y'all, when my homies call
Word, if my homies call
[Hook]
[Verse 3]
Well, it's ninety-one and I'm living kinda swell now
But I hear that you're going through some hell, pal
But life making records ain't easy
It ain't what I expected, it's hectic, it's sleazy
But I guess that the streets is harder
Trying to survive in the life of a young godfather
My homies is making it elsewhere
Striving, working nine to five with no health care
We both had dreams of being great
But his deferred and blurred and changed in shape
It's fate, it wasn't my choice to make
To be great, I'm giving it all it takes
Trying to shake, the crates and fakes and snakes
I gotta take my place or fall from grace
The foolish way, the pace is quick and great
Smiling face to hide the trace of hate
But my homie would never do me wrong
That's why I wrote this song, if you ever need me, it's on
No matter who the foe they must fall
Us against them all I'm down to brawl if my homies call
[Hook]

Brenda's Got a Baby by 2Pac
[Intro: Dave Hollister]
Brenda's got a baby
[Verse: 2Pac]
I hear Brenda's got a baby
But Brenda's barely got a brain
A damn shame, the girl can hardly spell her name
That's not our problem, that's up to Brenda's family
Well let me show you how it affects our whole community
Now Brenda really never knew her moms
And her dad was a junkie putting death into his arms
It's sad, cause I bet Brenda doesn't even know
Just cause you're in the ghetto doesn't mean you can't grow
But oh, that's a thought, my own revelation
Do whatever it takes to resist the temptation
Brenda got herself a boyfriend
Her boyfriend was her cousin, now let's watch the joy end
She tried to hide her pregnancy, from her family
Who really didn't care to see, or give a damn if she
Went out and had a church of kids
As long as when the check came they got first dibs
Now Brenda's belly's getting bigger
But no one seems to notice any change in her figure
She's twelve years old and she's having a baby
In love with a molester, who's sexing her crazy
And yet and she thinks that he'll be with her forever
And dreams of a world where the two of them are together, whatever
He left her and she had the baby solo
She had it on the bathroom floor and didn't know so
She didn't know, what to throw away and what to keep
She wrapped the baby up and threw him in a trash heap
I guess she thought she'd get away, wouldn't hear the cries
She didn't realize how much the little baby had her eyes
Now the baby's in the trash heap bawling
Momma can't help her, but it hurts to hear her calling
Brenda wants to run away
Momma say, you making me lose pay
There's social workers here every day
Now Brenda's gotta make her own way
Can't go to her family, they won't let her stay
No money no babysitter, she couldn't keep a job
She tried to sell crack but end up getting robbed
So now what's next, there ain't nothing left to sell
So she sees sex as a way of leaving hell
It's paying the rent, so she really can't complain
Prostitute, found slain and Brenda's her name, she's got a baby

Tha' Lunatic by 2Pac
[Verse 1: 2Pac]
Oh shit, jumped on my man's dick
Heard he had a twelve inch, now the bitch is lovesick
Who's to blame, the guy or the groupie
Heard I was down with D.U., now she wants to do me
Oooh-wee! This is the life
New bitch every night, never tripped off a wife
It ain't right, but it's cool how they come quick
Don't try to flip with the lip cause I run shit
Hip hip, hooray for the AK
Spray when I lay competition, what a great day
Make pay, next is the wet sex
Hexed with the vex now they wreck with the complex
I'm set, wonder what I tote, check
Bloody as a Kotex, snappin' motherfuckers' necks
Revenge so sweet when it comes from
Niggas get done with the drum, watch my foes run
Nigga keeps comin when they can't slip
Full of that shit, another hit from tha' lunatic
[Hook: Stretch]
Yeah, fuck that God! Word up
Blowin' niggas out the motherfuckin' frame, you know what I'm sayin'?
Constantly, fuck that trick, we ain't havin' it
[Verse 2: 2Pac]
Leave me the fuck alone, you get none of this
It's suicidal, you lose your title like Doug-las
Cause I'm nothin' nice and, I'm icin' like Tyson
I'm grippin' the mic and my DJ is slicin'
I'm tired of motherfuckers steppin' to me with the same old
Tryin' to do me like Nintendo
How the fuck you think I ever got this far?
By bootin' motherfuckers like a shootin' star
Cause I'm out to show that I'm a dope MC
Think crack had you fiendin', wait'll they get a load of me
Bitches on my dick like a motherfuckin' condom
Niggas wanna flip, let 'em step, and I'll bomb 'em
See somethin' you want, why don't you come and get it
And then get waxed and taxed, like the government
Then I leave you sittin' there, wonder where your money went
While your bitch is callin' me, tellin' me to come again
Nigga I'm loc'ed, when I smoke, from the indo
But we can be friends though, after you get broke like a window
That's what you provoked, and now you're smoked out
Lookin' like a bitch, cause your whole fuckin' posse, broke out
Punk motherfucker couldn't roll on
He couldn't hold on, game is too strong, nigga
Leave me the fuck alone, you get none of this
Feel the wrath, and revenge of tha' lunatic
[Hook: Stretch]
Yeah Tu', tell 'em motherfuckers, word up
We ain't havin' it, none of that shit!
Bitch ass niggas, niggas can't fuck with us Tu', word up
'91, we takin' this whole motherfucker over
Niggas got problems in '91, '92, and '93
And all that other shit, word up
[Verse 3: 2Pac]
Recognize game when it smacks you, bitch I'm back to rip
Puttin' this on the map with this mackin' shit
Time will tell if it's made well
Well I raise hell and excel cause it pays well
Jordan couldn't dunk it any harder, pump it any farther
I'm funky, that's word to the father
Act like you know 'fore I thump the bolo
Thought you was a pimp, now you're simpin' for my solo
Oh no, not another new jack, swearin' that he's ruthless
Ducked and now he's fucked and left toothless
I can hear the fear in your flow, you ain't prepared
You're scared and you're bound to go
It's somethin', I guess I let the beat keep bumpin'
Stop trippin' off these niggas cause they ain't about nuttin'
Or should I say naythin'
Punk put my tape in, fuck all the fake-in
I'm sick of the bullshit
Come equipped and get ready to rip
Or get the dick of tha' lunatic
[Hook: Stretch]
Ah yeah, fuck that, you know what I'm sayin'?
(The motherfuckin' lunatic)
Yes Tu'!
Tell them niggas what time it is, 'kna'm sayin'?
(Punk motherfuckers, get the dick of the lunatic)
Niggas can't fuck with us, word up
Bitch ass niggas, fuck 'em
[Outro: 2Pac]
Fuck all them niggas
I'm tellin' these niggas that they ain't got
Naythin' on a nigga like me
We squashin' these punk motherfuckers in '91
'92, '93, and so on
So let the beat float on
While I spray these punk bitches
With these dope ass lyrics
Thanks to Poppa for supplyin' the dank
Now it's money in the bank
And all y'all niggas shit stank
Compared to this shit
Fuck y'all punk bitches!
Tha' Lunatic *echoes*

Rebel of the Underground by 2Pac
[Intro]
Rebel ... rebel
Rebel
Rebel ... rebel
[Verse 1]
They just can't stand the reign, or the occasional pain
From a man like me, who goes against the grain
Sometimes I do it in vain
So with a little bass and treble
Hey mister, it's time for me to explain that I'm the rebel
Cold as the devil
Straight from the underground, the rebel, a lower level
They came to see the maniac psychopath
The critics heard of me, and the aftermath
I don't give a damn and it shows
And when I do a stage show I wear street clothes
So they all know me
The lyrical lunatic, the maniac MC
I give a shout out to your homies
And maybe then, the critics'll leave your boy alone, G
On the streets or on TV
It just don't pay to be, a truth tellin' MC
They won't be happy 'til I'm banned
The most dangerous weapon: an educated black man
So point blank in your face
Pump up the bass, and join the human race
I throw peace to The Bay
Cause from The Jungle to Oaktown, they backin' me up all the way
You know you gotta love the sound
It's from the rebel - the rebel of the underground
[Hook x4]
Rebel, he's a rebel
Rebel of the underground
[Verse 2]
Now I'm face to face with the devils
Cause they breedin' more rebels than the whole damn ghetto
And police brutality
Shit, it put you in the nip and call it technicality
So you reap what you sow
So reap the wrath of the rebel, jackin' 'em up once mo'
Now the fox is in the henhouse
Creepin' up on your daughter while you sleep I got her sneakin' out
2Pac ain't nothin' nice, I'll be nothin' how I wanna
And doin' what I'm gonna
Now I'm up to no good
The mastermind of mischief movin' more than most could
So sit and slip into the sound
Peep the rebel - the rebel of the underground
[Hook x4]
[Verse 3]
They say they hate me, they wanna hold me down
I guess they scared of the rebel - the rebel of the underground
But I never let it get me
I just make another record 'bout the punks tryin' to sweat me
In fact, they tryin' to keep me out
Try to censor what I say
Cause they don't like what I'm talkin' 'bout
So what's wrong with the media today
Got brothers sellin' out cause they greedy to get paid
But me, I'm comin' from the soul
And if it don't go gold, my story still gettin' told
And that way they can't stop me
And if it sells a couple of copies, the punks'll try to copy
It's sloppy, don't even try to
I'm a slave to the rhythm, and I'm about to fly through
So, yo, to the people in the ghetto
When ya hear the bass flow, go ahead and let go
Now everybody wanna gangbang
They talkin' street slang, but the punks still can't hang
They makin' records 'bout violence
But when it comes to the real, some brothers go silent
It kinda make you wanna think about
That ya gotta do some sellin' out, just to get your record out
But 2Pacalypse is straight down
So feel the wrath of the rebel - the rebel of the underground
[Outro x8]
2Pac is a rebel
Rebel of the underground

Part Time Mutha by 2Pac
[Hook: scratched w/ minor variations: 2Pac & Poppi]
She's a part time mutha
[Verse 1: 2Pac]
Meet Cindi
She's twenty-two, lives right on the dope track
Used to be fat now weighs less than a Tic Tac
Now what's that say about this big epidemic
This hypocritical world and the people in it
Now speakin' of, in it Cindi loved to get buckwild
Fuck with a smile single file she'll bust enough styles
That would be cool, if she was your lover
But fuck that, Cindi was my dope fiend mother
Welfare checks never stepped through the front door
Cause moms would run to the dopeman once more
All those days, had me fiendin' for a hot meal
Now I'm a crook; got steel, I do not feel
So don't even trip, when I flip with my thirty-eight
Revenge is a bitch and my hit shake the murder rate
Word to the mother, I'm touched
When moms come by, niggas hush or get rushed
Maybe one day she'll recover
But what will it take, to shake, or break
My part time mutha
I gotta live with a part time
[Hook]
[Verse 2: Angelique]
I grew up in a home where no-one liked me
Moms would hit the pipe, every night, she would fight me
Poppa was a nasty old man, like the rest
He's feelin' on my chest, with his hand in my dress
Just another pest and yes I was nervous
Was this a test? I just don't deserve this
I wanna tell mom, but would she listen
She's bound to be bitchin' if she hasn't got a fix in, so
Now I lay me down to sleep, Lord don't let him rape me
If he does my soul to keep, don't let the devil take me
Can't concentrate I contemplate in my classroom
Thinkin' how my step dad raped me in the bathroom
Every day I make class and yet I'm missin' periods
The thought of pregnancy is in my head and now I'm fearin' it
I gotta tell mom before she sees me
I told her how he treated me and she didn't believe me
Callin' me a slut cause my butt's kinda big so
Still that ain't no way to be talkin' to your kids though
I can't believe the way he caught her
Got her believin' him and dissin' her own daughter
Time for me to break and find another
That's when I discovered
The ways of the days of a part time mutha
[2Pac]
I gotta live with a part time
[Hook]
[Verse 3: 2Pac]
I rush to tend her, talked as I touch her
She blushed, the clothes came off and I bust her
I'm up now, ready to get drunk on the block
Here, take a cab, thanks a lot for the cock
She's gone and I'm thinkin' that my game's so strong
Pat myself on the back and move on
Is this just how it is hell no
Cause she came back with the kid and yo
I been payin' ever since
The clothes the food the cars and, oh, the rent
All of my time gets spent at the workplace
No time to kiss her got me list in the first place
So, I do the dishes and clean the floor
When I sleep I can't dream no more
Oh no, now I'm a part time mutha
And I change the diapers and clean the shit
The tables are turned I can't take this
Oh no, now I'm a part time mutha
[Hook]

Holler If Ya Hear Me by 2Pac
Aww yeah, uhh, uhh
Holla if ya hear me, yeah
[Verse 1]
Here we go, turn it up, let's start
From block to block we snatchin hearts and jackin marks
And the punk police can't fade me, and maybe
We can have peace someday, G
But right now I got my mind set up
Lookin down the barrel of my nine, get up
Cause it's time to make the payback fat
To my brothers on the block better stay strapped, black
And accept no substitutes
I bring truth to the youth tear the roof off the whole school
Oh no, I won't turn the other cheek
In case ya can't see us while we burn the other week
Now we got a nigga smash, blast
How long will it last 'til the po' gettin mo' cash
Until then, raise up!
Tell my young black males, blaze up!
Life's a mess don't stress, test
I'm givin but be thankful that you're livin, blessed
Much love to my brothers in the pen
See ya when they free ya if not when they shove me in
Once again it's an all out scrap
Keep your hands on ya gat, and now ya boys watch ya back
Cause in the alleys out in Cali I'mma tell ya
Mess with the best and the vest couldn't help ya
Scream, if ya feel me; see it clearly?
You're too near me -
[Chorus (several times w/ minor variations)]
[2Pac]
Holler if ya hear me!
[Sample]
"Hard"
"Tellin' you to hear it"
"The rebel"
[Verse 2]
Pump ya fists like this
Holla if ya hear me
PUMP PUMP if you're pissed
To the sell-outs, livin it up
One way or another you'll be givin it up, huh
I guess cause I'm black born
I'm supposed to say peace, sing songs, and get capped on
But it's time for a new plan, BAM!
I'll be swingin like a one man, clan
Here we go, turn it up, don't stop
To my homies on the block gettin dropped by cops
I'm still around for ya
Keepin my sound underground for ya
And I'mma throw a change up
Quayle, like you never brought my name up
Now my homies in the backstreets, the blackstreets
They feel me when they rollin in they fat jeeps
This ain't just a rap song, a black song
Tellin all my brothers, get they strap on
And look for me in the struggle
Hustlin 'til other brothers bubble -
[Chorus (several times w/ minor variations)]
[Verse 3]
Will I quit, will I quit?
They claim that I'm violent, but still I keep
Representin, never give up on a good thing
Wouldn't stop it if we could it's a hood thing
And now I'm like a major threat
Cause I remind you of the things you were made to forget
Bring the noise, to all my boyz
Know the real from the bustas and the decoys
And if ya hustle like a real G
Pump ya fists if ya feel me, holla if ya hear me
Learn to survive in the nine-tre'
I make rhyme pay, others make crime pay
Whatever it takes to live and stand
Cause nobody else'll give a damn
So we live like caged beasts
Waitin for the day to let the rage free
Still me, till they kill me
I love it when they fear me -
[Chorus (several times w/ minor variations)]
[2Pac:] You're too near me, to see it clearly
[Chorus (several times w/ minor variations)]

Pac's Theme by 2Pac
[Statements variously said throughout song]
[Statements: 2pac (Dan Quayle)]
I was raised in this society so there's no way
You can expect me to be a perfect person cuz I'm a do what I'm a do
I am still thirsty
(There is absolutly no reason for a record like this to be published
It has no place in our society.)
They gotta understand me
(Withdraw on this record.)
That's how I feel I'm a do whatever I like. I am not a role model

Point the Finga by 2Pac
"You could get the finger.. the middle!" {​​*1}​​
"Come and get some!" {​​*2}​​
[2Pac]
Ahh yeah, they love to point the finger
{​​*1}​​ {​​*2}​​
[Hook]
Boom boom boom on your black ass, bitch
You could get the finger...the middle!
[X4]
[2Pac]
I thought I hit rock bottom, they ban my album, point the finga
I guess nobody loves a real nigga-slash-rap singer
I thought I'd bring a little truth to the young troops
I brought proof that the niggas need guns too
It's not to be a racist, but let's face this:
Wouldn't you if we could trade places?
I got lynched by some crooked cops, and to this day
Them same motherfuckers on the beat gettin major paid
But when I get my check they takin tax out
So, we payin for these pigs to knock the blacks out
Ain't that a bitch, some officers are gettin rich
Whoopin on thugs and robbin drug dealers for they shit
As far as jealousy, bein a celebrity
No matter who committed the crime, they all yell at me
And the media is greedier than most
You could sell em your soul or they'll be on ya til a niggas ghost
And everyday I read the paper there's another lie
They show my picture for the crimes of another guy
Now how's that for the life of a big shot
A dead cop, a law suit, a little kid shot
I play them nuttin ass marks in the park
For tryin to earn they stripes in the dark
Just cause I come there, don't mean I from there, peep:
Only jealous motherfuckers beef, and point the finga
[Hook]
Boom boom boom on your black ass, bitch
{​​*1}​​ {​​*2}​​
[2Pac]
As I run up on em madman, a nutcase with a screw loose
A zoot troupe full of foolies with toolies
Niggas run to me don't come to me with beef
Take your jewels and your jeep, boom boom! Let that ass sleep
It's gettin hectic, niggas run, quick
Buckshots are the payback for dumb shit
All you niggas on the block tryin to test me
Best wear a vest or get open like, sesame
I'll run up on you mad deep; while you're tryin to sleep
I'm steady pumpin bullets in your sheets
Wake up, motherfucker, don't stutter
Point blank by a nigga from the gutter, yeah!
Gimme mine, gimme mine, gimme, mine
Ban my rhymes, now I'm back to bustin, nines
And bustaz can't get none, hell no
A quick flurry and he's buried with a swelled jaw
I came up from the amateurs to pro hits
At 5-0, so you know I take no shit
And everybody wants to kill a bringer
Of bad news, so they choose, to point the finga
Chorus
[2Pac]
One two three, peace to the real G's
Still me, til these motherfuckers kill me
I bring skills and I build, kill at will
Smoke sess til I'm ill, still feel me?
I say one two three, peace to the real G's
Still me, til these motherfuckers kill me
Pick it up, pick it up, give it up
Best to duck or get fucked for your bucks
Scream one two three, peace to the real G's
Still me, til these motherfuckers kill me
I can't give up, it's a black thang
And I ain't goin back to the crack game
(You can do it son; be a man and stand up or run)
Bitches, let em point the finga
(You can do it son; be a man and stand up or run)
Snitches, let em point the finga
Yo, one two three, peace to the real G's
Still me, til these motherfuckers kill me
I guess nobody loves a rap singer
That's why these motherfuckers.. (hahaha!) point the finga
Boom boom boom on your black ass, bitch!
You could get the finga! the middle!
[X11]

Something 2 Die 4 by 2Pac
Ghetto
(laughter echoes)
I've changed...
You motherfuckers kill....
Our chances
It ain't that i've changed
But it's strange how you motherfuckers rearrange
When I found fame
Point ya finger at tha bad guy
You know what my momma used to tell me
If ya can't find something to live for..
.. then you BEST, find something ta die for
(Richard Pryor: "If there's hell below, we're all gonna go!")
(*repeat the above throughout*)
Deep deep
La'tasha Harlins, remember that name...
Cause a bottle of juice... ain't something to die for
Young Quaid, remember that name...
Cause all you motherfuckers
That go to your grave with that name on your brain
Cause jealousy and recklessness is NOT, something to die for
All you niggas out there (echoed laughter)
Look how the cracker crumbles
When I say 'all you niggas' (all you niggas)
Unite
One nigga, teach two niggas
Four niggas teach more niggas
All the poor niggas
The pen niggas
The rich niggas
The strong niggas
UNITE
There's more of us than there is of them
Look around...
Check your strip
Deep deep
That's something to die for
Black
That's something to live for
What do I know?

Last Wordz by 2Pac
Got any last words
Yeah I've got some last words
Ice Cube's in the muthafuckin' house
The nigga you love to hate
[Verse 1: Ice Cube]
Here comes the nigga with the ruff, the terror
The paranoid, gots to get the boy
Get your steel cause I feel like a headbanger
Yeah I got a gang of shits, styles guns
My Uzi weighs a motherfucking ton
Bucking down one, bucking down two
Bucking down your crew, muthafuck you
Pigs were blue, I wear black, nothing but black
Cause Goddamn it's a brand new payback
Fuck Pat Sajak, never did nothing for a nigga
On the trigger the zigga the zag the nickel the bag
The nigga the sag the forty four mag got you running like a fag
So, keep your muthafucking jokes
Cuz, I'm that nigga with a fresh pair of locs
No yokes but smokes
Crakers and them dirty mackers friends aren't jackers
Get yah for your drawers, young niggas out to kill for the cause
[Hook]
Ice-T in the motherfucking house
L.A. Playa
[Verse 2: Ice T]
O- to the muthafuckin G, I break crazy
A lot of niggas hate me but they can't fade me
Stop me, clock me, cops wanna Glock me
But the punk motherfucking pigs can't stop me
UHH am I a G, I got proof
Banged in my youth, keep niggas on the roof
With a scope, dough, Cube keep the rope 2Pac string a nigga up
[?Hit the mob dope?]
So whats up Punk
You want what I got, step to me wrong fuck around and get shot
Your moms crying fuck her bust her
Bitch start screaming to me and I'll dust her
Pops got the LP phat, track on hit
Laid by the mutha fuckin' Bobcat
Ninety three suckas want me to go out
Throw the ho out, bitch muthafucker I'm rich
[Hook]
2Pac's in the muthafucking house
Nigga I'm loc'd, 2pac's gonna get'cha motherfuckers
Got any last words
[Verse 3: 2Pac]
Now they're after me, why?, cause a nigga's Black
Spittin' facts and ain't afraid to pull a trigger back
Let em come step to a real muthafucker
(Boom Boom) Mama ain't raised no suckers
Dan Quayle, don't you know you need to get your ass kicked
Where was you when there was niggas in the caskets
Muthafucker Rednecks all the same
Fear a real nigga if he ain't balled and chained
That's why we burn shit and wreck
Cause the punk police ain't learned shit yet
You mutha-fuckas gonna pay the price
Can't make a Black life, don't take a Black life
It's on, the next real nigga fall dead
Dread, jheri curl, process, or bald head
Be prepared for the smoke to bust
What niggas need to do is start loc'in up
United we stand divided we fall
They can shoot one nigga, but they can't take us all
Let's get along with the Mexicans
And we can all have peace on the sets again
Imagine that if it took place (ha ha ha)
Keeping the smile off they White face
I ain't racist but lets trade places
Trace the hate 'n face it
One nigga teach two niggas
Three teach four niggas
And them niggas teach more niggas
And when we blast
That'll be the biggest blast you've heard
And them is my last wordz

Souljah's Revenge by 2Pac
[Lawyer]
Mr. Shakur, can you please explain the meaning
Behind your violent lyrics?
[2Pac]
Explain the meaning?
The fuck these niggas talkin bout?
* sounds of running and sirens in background *
[Kid] Damn...
[Cop] Police, FREEZE!
[Kid] Can't get shit off!
[Cop] I said FREEZE you miserable black son of a bitch!
[Kid] What, come on, come on!
* gun shot *
My attitude is shitty
My message to the censorship committee
Who's the biggest gang of niggas in the city?
The critics or the cops?
The courts or the crooks, don't look so confused
Take a closer look:
Niggas get they neck broke daily
Tryin to stay jail free
What the fuck does Quayle know
What young black males need?
Please tell me
Message to the censorship committee
Who's the biggest gang of niggas in the city?
Huh, I pack a nine millimeter cause I gotta
Livin hotter than the 4th of July, if I gotta die, I gotta
Momma told me, "Don't let em fade me..
.. nigga don't let em make you crazy!"
Game is what she gave me
Gotta watch your back, strapped
Real niggas rat-pack
If you get your ass taxed, bring a gat back
That's not the way we made it
That's just the way it is
Slangin rocks, fed a nigga's kids
I came up
My message to the censorship committee
Who's the biggest gang of niggas in the city?
Cops pull me over, check my plates, but I'm legal
You couldn't get me, figure fuck with a niggas people
They got me trapped, gat with the motherfuckin hammer back
Cops on my back, just cause I'm black, Snap
Now I'm guilty?
Message to the censorship committee
Who's the biggest gang of niggas in the city?
All you punk police will never find peace
On the streets til the niggas get a piece, fuck em!
They kill you to control ya
Pay top dollar for your soul
Real niggas don't fold, straight souljah!
Can't find peace on the streets
Til the niggas get a piece, fuck police, hear them screamin
Fuck em! Can't find peace on the streets
Til the niggas get a piece, fuck police, hear them screamin
(I hear ya!)
Fuck em! Can't find peace on the streets
Til the niggas get a piece, fuck police, screamin
(I hear ya!)
Fuck em! Can't find peace on the streets
Til the niggas get a piece, fuck police, screamin
(I hear ya!)
Fuck em! Can't find peace on the streets
Til the niggas get a piece, fuck police (I hear ya!)
Fuck em! Can't find peace on the streets
Til the niggas get a piece, fuck police (I hear ya!)
Fuck em! Can't find peace on the streets
Til the niggas get a piece, fuck police (I hear ya!)
The niggas scream fuck em!
Motherfuckin punk police (I hear ya!)
Thinkin they run the motherfuckin streets
It's mo' niggas than it's police
Think (I hear ya!)
One nigga, teach two niggas
Teach three niggas, teach fo' niggas (I hear ya!)
Teach mo' niggas, and we could run this shit!
I hear ya!
[Outro - Repeat 10 X]
They finally pulled me over and I laughed
Remember Rodney King and I blast on his punk ass (I hear ya!)

Peep Game by 2Pac
[Verse 1: 2Pac]
So what the fuck you talkin about?! Aw, shit
Goody, goody, gumdrops
Nigga, get your hoodie and your gun cocked
Rock it till the drum stops, hip hop
Even if my shit flip flop
It probably wouldn't stop, talk shit and get socked
How ya hang em?
Know a realer nigga? You could bring him
If I don't represent the shit, I'll kick it
We could sway him, hunh! As if I know ya
Then I could show ya
But if I don't know, I gotta .44 fo' ya
So, so peep game, at point blank range
The fame can't change what the game maintains
Strange! Went against the grain
Aw shit! Flick or no flick I trips for no bitch
Catch up on your pimpin', I ain't simpin', I'm a diss her
Couldn't be my sister if she's actin' like I missed her
Tell me why they, tell me why they, tell me why they play me
Don't these niggas know that neither one of y'all can fade me
I ain't big, I ain't buff, I ain't deisel
But fuck wit 2Pac and pop goes the weasel
Me and Threat made a bet on how many fellas
Would jock a mothafuckin' real nigga cause they jealous
They do it for the fame
Explain, insane What's in a name? What's in a name?
Peep game
[Chorus: Deadly Threat]
Punk bitch, how ya like me now?
Can't fuck around wit the funky style
Put it together like a puzzle builder
If Threat don't get cha, Pac gon' kill ya
[Verse 2: Deadly Threat]
Killa Cali
The state where they kill
Down wit Oaktown? What's up homie, can I chill?
The bitches lookin funny
Film at elev,film at eleven wit they minds on they heaven
Wit they .357
-Where you at?
*On the freeway, leaving LA
-OK, see you when get here loc
*OK
-Here I am. Here I am
*Goddamn that was quick
-Told ya I was comin. Who is that? Is that your woman?
*Na, that's just a hoochie looking for some juice
-What's up my nigga? What ya know? A nigga got a little bigger
That's all folks know
Fat gold ropes
Gotta keep a low key for my attack
When I approach, I want the diamonds, the pearls
The round the way girls
Cuz baby got, baby got back out this world
Would you give a fee? Never
Fly like a feather
Make more money than your daddy and your mama put together
The game is to be sold, not to be told
So buy it
Can't afford it?
Low budget hoes gotta brother
Peep game
[Hook]
[Verse 3: Deadly Threat]
Don't sell out
Get the hell out
Cause here I come
Hit em with my bop gun
They came and they blast
We got witt they ass
And oh, pop this vest and all the rest of that mess
Comin through like Terminater 2
Boost your crew cuz we ain't afraid of you
You know what time it is wit me once the clock stike 3
We goin coo-coo for Cocoa Puffs. Whooo eeii!!!
[Hook]
[Verse 4: 2Pac]
Time to get paid, time to get paid. Check
Time to represent the west homie, nuttin' but a vest on me
Got my hands on my Glock, eyes on the prize
First sucka jump, first nigga die
Gimme mine, gimme mine, gimme mine like I told ya
Hard as a boulder
Motha fuckin soulja
Boom bam boom!! It's a stick up
Vice president Dan Quayle eat a dick up
Peep game
[Hook]
[Outro: 2Pac]
Punk motha fucka
Fuck all those motha fuckas, they all can eat a mothafucking dick up
Word up. Fuck the police. I don't give a fuck
Bobcat in this mothafucka boy
Big up! Big up! To the criminals
Fuck em
"This is serious business"
Yeah, microphone mafia
2Pac, Threat, Bobcat
93 shot
Yeah nigga, bitch

Strugglin' by 2Pac
Eat a dick up
[Hook]
["Stick up, stick up, stick up kids...
Still don't nothin' move but the money"]
[Verse 1: Stretch of Live Squad]
Strugglin, jugglin, got it to the black man
Eatin the scams like I was motherfuckin Pac Man
Cops step off, you know the flavor
They fear the ruffneck niggas with the lunatic behavior
And now we gotta eat, gotta make ends meet
Stabbin for a fee, it gets hard on the fuckin streets
It's like a madness, fuck making gravy
I rhyme and do crimes, cause either way pays me
A little rough with a hardcore ... theme
Couldn't rough something rougher in your ... dreams
Mad rugged so you know we're gonna ... rip
With that roughneck nigga named 2Pacalypse
Representing YG'z yo
Flip Stretch Homicide and my nigga Gambino
Seek and Po can't forget Money Bags
Stickin up spots and jumpin in Jags
Gotta get ahead and always stay bumblin
And always keep a hand on the gat
Cause a niggas straight strugglin'
[Hook]
[Verse 2: Majestic of Live Squad]
I'm used to being poor, but now I'm sick of strugglin
I thought about bumpin, but mother-fuck jugglin
I know it lasts longer, gets my pockets thicker
But I'd rather use my gun cause I get the money quicker, so bust it
Look as I cut the records hard to eject
A quick clip threw my body down uhh! it's another hit
I got energy to blast now you want the task here
Cuz of the light a motherfucker shot that ass up
But rugged and rough is how I'm steppin
Mac is the weapon, and it's always kept in
Eye on the Mac cause the dogg got it goin on
If you come up steppin you'll be lit like a hick
So you better chill, cause I got too much money to get
A street thug in the motherfuckin house, I'm strugglin
Get drunk but I don't think
I'm just in it for the money, don't be a punk snitch
When I yank up my gun, don't run don't bitch
Cause ya know if you do, you'll be layin in a ditch
You'll get your stupid ass blown out the frame
Cause I'm playing to win, and survive in the game
I'm strugglin'
[Hook]
[Verse 3: 2Pac]
Big up, big up, got him in the frame, bang
Ain't nothin changed set it off I let the brains hang
Guess who's back, to put niggas on they back
Till I call back, niggas running free better fall back
I'm fifty niggas deep beat sleep
With a Mossberg wrapped in my seats
Three deep in my Jeep chief run with the Young Gunz
Strugglin and strivin, that's how the dough come
Now get gunned by the one with the gun for the low goal
Throw a bolo so low when I flow yo
Much too high to read the signs, I'm blind
Clickin on the nine, out to get mine
I go big up, big up, gotta make the room, boom
Blowin motherfuckers to the moon
Niggas need to feel me a real G, home from the bumblin
See me on the block, strugglin
And rollin with the roughnecks nuff checks cashed
I get in niggas ass, blast
Straight strugglin'
[Hook]

Guess Who's Back by 2Pac
[Intro]
Guess who's back?
[Verse 1]
Drop the drums, here it comes, only got
Two minutes to bounce, and every second counts
Better press REC on your deck
Here we go, set? Pass the Moët
My trickery's more slippery when wet
Wicked as I flip, don't trip, get a grip
It'll kick, if the bass line's thick, it's a hit
Everybody's got a mic now, it's like a hobby
But more like a job, cause bootleggers tryin' to rob me!
And little man wants to be a rap, star
Make papes, hit skins, drive a fat car
It ain't easy, sleazy even
Deceivin those we believe in
No benefits, just tricks and chicks
Knock a pig to pick, so here's a stick to lick
I shoot a gift, til there ain't none left
And if I find that the track sound def
I catch wreck till I lose my breath
That's how it goes in the land of broke
I dispose of those, rock shows, and collect my dough
Now I suppose I'm the bad guy, why?
I say, "Hi," and try to stay high
Life's a mess don't stress, test... of givin
But be thankful that you're livin... blessed
Guess who's back, comin back with the track supplied
By Special Ed and Ak, comin right and exact
I'm fightin it back but now I snap, where they at?
When it's time to go to combat, guess who's back
[Hook](x4)
"Yes I'm back" - Special Ed
"2Pac is" .. back!!
[Verse 2]
Drop the drums, here it comes, only got
One minute to bounce, and every second counts
I went from hustlin dicks to makin hits, bustin flicks
Now I'm sure to be rich for ninety-six
I pull my 'capes on tapes, and make, papes
Trace the bass, to the tape with the baddest bass to date
I try to shake it but the pace is hard to break
Good thoughts I wait, cause they hate my black tape
Yeah, it's on, and it's packed in the rap race
But if ya got a black face, it's a rat race
I struggle to be rugged and raw, Dukes
Tryin to survive in the trials and lawsuits
Everybody wants to test me, WHY ME?
No lie, niggas cried when they try me
Givin up the roughness, justice
I'mma bust as I'm rippin up 'nuff hits
And guess who's back? No longer trapped
Cause I snapped on the ones that held me back, feel the contact
Ride on the track, get I grip as I flip
Ghetto wickedness I kick. Guess who's back?
[Hook](x1.5)
[Outro]
"Yes I'm back, cause I never did front"


Representin' 93 by 2Pac
"I got a head, but ain't no screws in it"
[Verse 1]
Roll up and get swoll up, hold up
How ya gonna play me like a sunkin dunkin donut?
I ain't came a long way to get checked
So give me respect when I get wreck
Or get your motherfuckin chin checked
Once again, it's your friend outta Oakland
Hoping I can rock the shit to get ya open
Say your looking for some real shit
Then catch a funkified batch
Like that!!
Oakland's on the map
2Pac is on the big screen strivin
Gotta love a nigga for survivin
I wear alot of old schools jewels
Look how the fools drool, ooohh
Stop lookin at me hard cause you're buffer
But I'll just buck them bigger motherfuckers
Turnin men to suckers
Niggas wanna start a little ruckus
Better duck cause I'll be poppin' them motherfuckers
They wanna throw their hands up, that's tight
Hit em wit my eight, never had shit left, right
Then hit em wit the uppercut, duck quick
Shit outta luck, fucked and stuck with that rough shit
Fuck a pop song, fuck a video, fuck Arsenio, fuck the radio
Do you hear me though?
Give a holla to my niggas in the pen
And my murderous partners wit their Mac 10s
I represent the real cause I'm ill, G
Glock cocked the day they kill me
I'm representin'
[Verse 2]
Peace to Redman, Treach, Vin Rock, Kay Gee the great one
Mary J. Blige, Pete Rock and Troy, the late son
Heavy D, CL Smooth, and Queen Latifah
Too Short, Tony Toni Tone, LayLaw beat cuts
Ed, the special motherfucker and the Lover
The Tribe, A Tribe Called Quest, and Jungle Brothers
Das EFX, EPMD, and Ice Cube
House of Pain: funky blunted ass white dudes
Cypress Hill, yeah, the ill niggas
Digital Underground: my real niggas
Raw Fusion, Organized Konfusion
Wicked and the Mouse Man, Spice 1 and Pooh Man
TLC, Eric B., Rakim, then Scarface
Stretch, Maj, K-Low, pumpin the Squad's bass
Thorough Heads, Poonannynans, The Click
E-40, The Governor, and Richie Rich
Young Guns in the house pumpin the flava
DJ Ditch for their behavior
Off the head, my freestyle flow
Just a couple of motherfuckers that I know
I'm strictly representin
1 motherfucker, 2 motherfucker, 3 motherfuckers
Damn, who did I forget?
[Verse 3]
I'm a soulja, daddy was a soulja
Strong in the struggle
Must contend so it's on
Raised in a house full of bad motherfuckers
Mad motherfuckers
Never had so we grab from the stacked motherfuckers
Now they know me, the homies
Raised by some crazed ass well payed OG's
Ah shit!
Pulled up in a benzy, snatch
The wheel as I peel out. Catch a cop's tail
Rock shells hit. Raise a fist so they know to make a hit
Can I flip it? I may get wicked as I rip it
To get specific: If the shoe fits, then kick it
It's for the gifted, pump your fist if you wit it
Here's your ticket to see Mr. Wicked rip shit
Now they wanna ban me (Told ya)
All I wanted to be was a soulja
Bang bang boogie, it's a stick up
Quit now, nigga, eat a dick up
Huh, I'm representin'

Keep Ya Head Up by 2Pac
[Intro]
Little somethin' for my godson Elijah
And a little girl named Corinne
[Verse 1]
Some say the blacker the berry, the sweeter the juice
I say the darker the flesh then the deeper the roots
I give a holla to my sisters on welfare
2Pac cares, if don't nobody else care
And, I know they like to beat you down a lot
When you come around the block, brothers clown a lot
But please don't cry, dry your eyes, never let up
Forgive but don't forget, girl, keep your head up
And when he tells you you ain't nothin', don't believe him
And if he can't learn to love you, you should leave him
Cause sister, you don't need him
And I ain't tryin' to gas ya up, I just call 'em how I see 'em
You know what makes me unhappy
When brothers make babies, and leave a young mother to be a pappy
And since we all came from a woman
Got our name from a woman and our game from a woman
I wonder why we take from our women
Why we rape our women, do we hate our women?
I think it's time to kill for our women
Time to heal our women, be real to our women
And if we don't we'll have a race of babies
That will hate the ladies that make the babies
And since a man can't make one
He has no right to tell a woman when and where to create one
So will the real men get up
I know you're fed up ladies, but keep your head up
[Refrain x2]
Keep ya head up, ooh, child, things are gonna get easier
Keep ya head up, ooh, child, things'll get brighter
[Verse 2]
Aiyyo, I remember Marvin Gaye used to sing to me
He had me feelin' like black was the thing to be
And suddenly the ghetto didn't seem so tough
And though we had it rough, we always had enough
I huffed and puffed about my curfew and broke the rules
Ran with the local crew and had a smoke or two
And I realize Momma really paid the price
She nearly gave her life to raise me right
And all I had to give her was my pipe dream
Of how I'd rock the mic and make it to the bright screen
I'm tryin' to make a dollar out of fifteen cents
It's hard to be legit and still pay the rent
And in the end it seems I'm headin' for the pen
I try to find my friends but they're blowin' in the wind
Last night my buddy lost his whole family
It's gonna take the man in me to conquer this insanity
It seems the rain'll never let up
I try to keep my head up and still keep from gettin' wet up
You know it's funny when it rains it pours
They got money for wars but can't feed the poor
Say there ain't no hope for the youth and the truth is
It ain't no hope for the future
And then they wonder why we crazy
I blame my mother for turning my brother into a crack baby
We ain't meant to survive cause it's a setup
And even though you're fed up
Huh, ya got to keep your head up
[Refrain x2]
[Verse 3]
And uh, to all the ladies havin' babies on they own
I know it's kinda rough and you're feelin' all alone
Daddy's long gone and he left you by your lonesome
Thank the Lord for my kids, even if nobody else want 'em
Cause I think we can make it, in fact, I'm sure
And if you fall, stand tall and come back for more
Cause ain't nothin' worse than when your son
Wants to know why his daddy don't love him no mo'
You can't complain you was dealt this
Hell of a hand without a man, feelin' helpless
Because there's too many things for you to deal with
Dyin' inside, but outside you're looking fearless
While tears is rollin' down your cheeks
Ya steady hopin' things don't fall down this week
Cause if it did, you couldn't take it, and don't blame me
I was given this world I didn't make it
And now my son's gettin' older and older and cold
From havin' the world on his shoulders
While the rich kids is drivin' Benz
I'm still tryin' to hold on to surviving friends
And it's crazy, it seems it'll never let up, but
Please, you got to keep your head up

Strictly 4 My N.I.G.G.A.Z... by 2Pac
[Intro: 2Pac speaking]
Yo, law!
Is it cool if a nigga just get fucked up for this one?
Yeah! Mr. Fuck-a-Cop is back
And I still don't give a fuck, yaknahmsayin'?
Puffin' on this indo
In the studio with my partners out here
Pacific Heights in the house, know what I mean
[Verse 1]
I was framed, so don't make the same mistake, nigga
You gotta learn how to shake the snakes, nigga
Cause the police love to break a nigga
Send 'em upstate cause they straight-up hate the niggas
So what I do is get a crew of zoo niggas
Straight fools into rules and do niggas
And one-time had enough of me
I'm still raw so the law can't fuck with me
They wanna send me to the pen, punk, picture that
I stay strapped, motherfuckers better get your gat
It ain't easy bein' me, I can't take it
Life as a celebrity ain't everything they make it
And ever since the movies these hoes try to do me
If they can't screw me, they find a way to sue me
Now can you picture me coolin' at a night club?
Nothin' but love, but motherfuckers wanna mean mug
Since I wear a lot of gold, they plot
Don't know what I got and get shot with the hot ones
And, aw yeah, I wanna feel guilty
But you punk motherfuckers tried to milk me
You'll get smacked behind the hill with my phone on my pager
It's beepin' while I cut you with my razor
I'm not violent, I'm petrified and nervous
I got no mercy for these niggas tryin' to serve us
But if you catch me outta pocket, then I'm got
You love to shoot a nigga but you scared to pop a cop
Now drop it
[Hook]
Strictly for my - strictly for my - strictly for my niggas (x3)
Strictly for my niggas, makin' G's
[Verse 2]
Reflected and disrespected, plus I'm rejected
You're just another rapper, who swears he's makin' records
That's what they said - whenever I would walk by
I never tripped though - always kept my head up high
Eventually I knew, that I would find my way
After the darkest night always comes a brighter day
And some would say, that turned away is all you'll get
I just said "Bet!," and never let 'em see me sweat
Cause in the end, I knew that I would have it all
While non-believers were prayin' for my downfall
And some would call and tell me that they wish me well
But in my heart, I'm knowin' that they wish me hell
Yo, get a real job, rappin' doesn't pay the rent
I hate the studio, cause that's where all my money went
Never surrender, it's all about the faith you've got
Don't ever stop, just push it til you hit the top
And if you drop, at least you know you gave your all
Be true to you, and that way you can never fall
But beware, these backstabbers ain't no joke
Just like a rope, they hang on you until you're broke
And when you're broke, they move onto the next dope
And there you are, can't even pay your car, nope
And when you reminisce, thinkin' how you got dissed
Remember how it felt and then remember this
Be true to you, believe that there's no one bigger
Cause they can all suck dick - it's strictly for my niggas
[Hook]
[Verse 3]
This is for the critics if you live up
Pick up my shit or I'll be back doin' stick-ups
I better see five stars next to my picture
If not, 2Pac will cop the Glock and come knockin' to get 'cha
I told you once, motherfucker, I'm a nut
Play me like a butt and you'll be bleedin' when you're fucked
Niggas know what's up but they be tryin' to hold me down
I'm comin' outta Oaktown, bitch fuck around
And it ain't where you from that makes you hardcore
Nigga it's the way you throw them thangs in the war
And to the marks that be talkin' all that shit
Screamin' out the next nigga's name like a bitch
And the niggas that I ran into recently
The motherfuckers at the club that pulled the piece on me
You little bitches shoulda pulled the fuckin' trigga
Now you live in fear of a heartless-ass nigga
Mr. Troublesome; niggas tried to play me with the gat
But like Terminator, nigga, I'll be back
Yeah! And I'll be back with a fuckin' army
You tried to harm me - ring the alarm, G
Cause most motherfuckers love to act up
Without they backup
When they get jacked up they crack up
It's strictly for my niggas at the show
So they know, not to play me like a ho
Strictly for my ...
[Hook]

The Streetz R Deathrow by 2Pac
[Verse 1]
Growing up as an inner city brotha
Where every other had a pops and a motha
I was the product of a heated lover.
Nobody knew how deep it screwed me
And since my pops never knew me
My family didn't know what to do with me.
Was I somebody they despised?
Curious look in they eyes
As if they wonder if I'm dead or alive
And poor momma can't control me
"Quit tryin' to save my soul, I wanna roll with my homies!"
A ticken timebomb, can't nobody fade me
Packin' a 380 and fiendin' for Mercedes
Suckers scatter but it don't matter I'm a cool shot
Punks drop from all the buckshots the fools got
I'm tired of being a nice guy
I've been poor all my life, but don't know quite why
So they label me a lunatic
Could care less death or success
Is what I quest cause I'm fearless
Now the streets are deathrow
[Hook x2]
(cause I'll beat you down like it ain't nothin')
The streets are deathrow.
[Verse 2]
I just murdered a man, I'm even more stressed wearin' a vest
Hopin' that they're aimin' at my chest
Much too young to bite the bullet
Hand on the trigga
I see my life before my eyes each time I pull it
I hope I live to be a man
Must be part of some big plan to keep a brotha in the state pen
Counting pennys over the years I'd done stacked many
Proving wrong those
Who swore I'd wouldn't live till twenty
Now they gotta cope
Since it's the only thing I know
It's difficult to let it go
I'm startin' to loose my hair cause I worry
Hustlin' to keep from gettin' buried
But now I gotta move away now
Cause these suckers love ta' spray where I lay down
My homie lost his family, he snapped;
Shot up half the block to bring them back
The streets are deathrow
[Hook]
[Verse 3]
I'm dangerous when drunk I only drink beer
Gin makes me sin
Unable to think clear
Henessey makes me think my enemy is getting close
BOOM BOOM BOOM
Got me shooting at a ghost
Some call me crazy but this is what you gave me
Amongst the babies who raised up from the slavery
I sport a vest and hit the sess to kill the stress
Moved out west and I invest in all the best
Those who test will find a bullet in they chest
Put to rest by a brotha who was hopeless
Grow up broke on the rope of insanity
How many pistols smoking coming from a broken family
I'm sick of being tired
Sick of the sirens, body bags, and the gun firing
Tell Bush, "Push the button!" cause I'm fed
Tired of hearin' these voices in my head
The streets are deathrow
[Hook]
(cause I'll beat you down like it ain't nothin')
The streets are deathrow
(cause I'll beat you down like it ain't nothin')
The streets are deathrow
(cause I'll beat you down like it ain't nothin')
The streets are deathrow
(cause I'll beat you down like it ain't nothin')
The streets are deathrow
(cause i'll beat you down, like it ain't nothin')
This goes out to my partners in the Live Squad
(like it ain't nothin')
And all my partners involved in that 187
Watch your back
(cause I'll beat you down, like it ain't nothin')
There got to be a better way
(cause I'll beat you down, like it ain't nothin')
There's too many of us in the cemetary
(cause I'll beat you down, like it ain't nothin')
Come on, what we gonna do now
(cause I'll beat you down, like it ain't nothin')
The streets are deathrow

I Get Around by 2Pac
[Intro: 2Pac]
Aw yeah, I get around
Still clown with the Underground when we come around
Stronger than ever
[Verse 1: 2Pac]
Back to get wreck
All respect to those who break their neck to keep their hoes in check
Cause, oh, they sweat a brother majorly
And I don't know why your girl keeps paging me!
She tell me that she needs me, cries when she leaves me
And every time she sees me, she squeeze me...lady take it easy!
Hate to sound sleazy, but tease me
I don't want it if it's that easy
Ayyo bust it, baby got a problem saying "bye-bye"
Just another hazard of a fly guy
You ask "why?" Don't matter! My pockets got fatter
Now everybody's looking for the latter
And ain't no need in being greedy
If you wanna see me,
Dial the beeper number, baby, when you need me
And I'll be there in a jiffy
Don't be picky, just be happy with this quickie
But when you learn you can't tie me down
Baby doll, check it out: I get around
[Hook]
What you mean you don't know? I get around
The Underground just don't stop for hoes, I get around
Still down with the Underground, I get around
Yeah, ayo Shock, let them hoes know
[Verse 2: Shock G]
Now you can tell from my everday fits I ain't rich
So cease and desist with them tricks (tricks)
I'm just another black man caught up in the mix (mix)
Trying to make a dollar out of 15 cents (A dime and a nickel)
Just cause I'm a freak don't mean that we could hit the sheets
Baby I can see that you don't recognize me
I'm Shock G: the one who put the satin on your panties
Never knew a hooker that could share me, I get around
[Money B]
What's up love, how you doing?
Well I've been hanging, sanging, trying to do my thang
Oh, you heard that I was banging?
Your home girl you went to school with? That's cool
But did she tell you about her sister? - and your cousin thought I wasn't
See, weekends were made for Michelob
But it's a Monday, my day, so just let me hit it, yo
And don't mistake my statement for a clown
We can keep in the down low long as you know that I get around
[Hook]
[Verse 3: 2Pac]
Finger tips on the hips as I dip, gotta get a tight grip, don't slip
Loose lips sink ships, it's a trip
I love the way she licks her lips, see me jocking
Put a little twist in her hips cause I'm watching
Conversations on the phone til the break of dawn
Now we're all alone: why the lights on?
Turn them off! Time to set it off, get you wet and soft
Something's on your mind, let it off
You don't know me, you just met me, you won't let me
Well if I couldn't have it (silly rabbit) why you sweating me?
It's a lot of real G's doing time
Cause a groupie bent the truth and told a lie
You picked the wrong guy, baby, if you're too fly
You need to hit the door, search for a new guy
Cause I only got one night in town
Break out or be clowned, baby doll are you down?
I get around

Papa'z Song by 2Pac
[Intro: 2Pac]
Daddy's home...
Heh, so??
You say that like that means somethin to me
You've been gone a mighty long motherfuckin time
For you to be comin home talkin that "daddy's home" shit (nigga)
We been gettin along fine just without you
Me, my brother, and my mother
So if you don't mind, you can step the FUCK off, POPS.. FUCK YOU!
[Verse 1: 2Pac]
Had to play catch by myself, what a sorry sight
A pitiful plight, so I pray for a starry night
Please send me a pops before puberty
The things I wouldn't do to see a piece of family unity
Moms always work, I barely see her
I'm startin to get worried without a pops I'll grow to be her
It's a wonder they don't understand kids today
So when I pray, I pray I'll never grow to be that way
And I hope that he answers me
I heard God don't like ugly well take a look at my family
A different father every weekend
Before we get to meet him they break up before the week ends
I'm gettin sick of all the friendships
As soon as we kick it he done split and the whole shit ends quick
How can I be a man if there's no role model?
Strivin to save my soul I stay cold drinkin a forty bottle
I'm so sorry...
[Hook]
I'm so sorry
For all this time (I'm so sorry)
For all this time
For all this time (don't lie)
I'm so sorry
For all this time (so, sorry)
For all this time
For all this time, so sorry baby!
[Verse 2: Wycked]
Moms had to entertain many men;
Didn't wanna do it but it's time to pay the rent again.
I'm gettin a bit older and I'm startin to be a bother;
Moms can't stand me cause I'm lookin like my father.
Should I stay or run away? Tell me the answer
Moms ignores me and avoids me like cancer
Grow up rough and it's hard to understand stuff
Moms was tough cause his papa wasn't man enough;
Couldn't stand up to his own responsibilities
Instead of takin care of me, he'd rather live lavishly
That's why I'll never be a father;
Unless you got the time it's a crime; don't even bother
(That's when I started hatin' the phony smiles
Said I was an only child)
Look at mama's lonely smile!
It's hard for a son to see his mother cry
She only loves you, but has to fuck with these other guys
I'm so sorry...
[Hook]
[Verse 3: 2Pac]
Man child in the promised land couldn't afford many heroes
Moms was the only one there my pops was a no-show
And ohh -I guess ya didn't know
That I would grow to be so strong
Lookin kinda pale, was it the ale or pops was wrong?
Where was the money that you said, you would send me
Talked on the phone and you sounded so friendly
Ask about school and my welfare
But it's clear, you ain't sincere hey who the hell cares
You think I'm blind but this time I see you comin, Jack!
You left us broke, grabbed your coat, now ain't no runnin back
Ask about my moms like you loved her from the start
Left her in the dark, she fell apart from a broken heart
So don't even start with that "Born to be a father" shit
Don't even bother with your dollars I don't need it
I'll bury moms like you left me: all alone, G
Now that I finally found you, stay the fuck away from me
You're so sorry
[Hook]
[Verse 4: 2Pac - impersonating his father]
I never meant to leave but I was wanted
Crossed too many people every house I'd touch was haunted
Had to watch the strangers every brother was a danger;
If I wanted to to keep you breathin, had to be out of range-a
Had to move on, done lost my name and picked a number
Made me watch my back I had no happy home to run to
Maybe it's my fault for being a father livin fast
But livin slow, mean half the dough, and you won't get no ass
Hindsight shows me it was wrong all along
I wanted to make some dough so you would grow to be so strong
It took a little longer than I thought
I slipped, got caught, and sent to jail by the courts
Now I'm doin time and I wish you'd understand
All I ever wanted was for you to be a man
And grow to be the titan you was meant to be
Keep the war fightin by the writings that you sent to me
I'm so sorry...
[Hook]

5 Deadly Venomz by 2Pac
[Verse 1: 2Pac]
My Mossberg goes boom, gimme room, can I catch it
Talkin quick and then I vic just tryin to keep from gettin blasted
I had enough I put a hit upon them bastards
Boo-yaa! Turned a snitch into a casket
Now they after me, prowling for a niggas bucks
Time to see, who's the G, with the bigger nuts
Buck buck, big up and livin reckless
Niggas with a death wish step in with a Tec and I'll wet this
Yeah this shit is hyper
True to what I'm writing, representing and I'm striking like a viper
Huh, I got my mind made up, I got my nine
Ring the alarm, and strong arm what's mine
Some niggas need to feel me with a passion
I'm old fashioned, run up on me, nigga, and get blasted
With five deadly venomz
(Yeah 'Pac, fuck that, still hittin em up with
That old deadly shit. Aiyyo Treach where you at?
Step up and hit they ass up with the wickedness.)
[Verse 2: Treach]
We come to hit you with a sock full of Brooklyn
To the Onyx of your nose, punk is funky like skunk blunts
Stunk like funk cunt
I come to take you on a war rough and rugged route
And if another doubts I blow your fuckin mother out
And after she's crossed out
I shout, "I'm de MC wit de nasty mouf!" and kick the bitch out
Sue me? I pay the lawyer for ya oh boy yeah
Plus my style's ten to twenty fuckin pounds more
I take you quicker than a picture of a punk ya pickin shit
Pickin pockets with a razor stoppin Russian rockets
Not shoplift, I'm liftin shop
Once you sound hot, cause if you ain't a perfect ten
My sign is stop!
It's twenty mother-crooked-fuckin styles in em
Like women I did em I'm in for deadly ready venom
[Verse 3: Stretch of Live Squad]
Yeah, as I take a puff I get rough, Big Mad
To put it on, can't none come tougher see
I'm down with the sound of the Squad hard, boom!
Breakin em down, I make em see their doom
Coming straight from the dome where I roam it's a job to
Rob and steal and runnin from the coppers
Who hold a, boulder, turn the gun controller
Started from a punk now to be a high roller
Youngest, reckless, crazy, disaster
Mac-11 blaster, and I run faster
Than a lot of cops I can't be stopped till my head gets popped
A lot of fuckin bodies will drop
It's a disaster, I'm coming for the blood splatter
I make 'em scatter, leavin trails of brains and bladders
Blowin em out the frame with no shame
Game tight, drop a body then get out of sight
Count my loot after I shoot, leave my kicks up and it's
Something I don't wanna do, somethin that I never did
I try to get him, I think I hit em, I lit him
He's out! A poison, a deadly venom
(Yeah Mad, fuck that! You know how we do
KnowhatI'msayin? Squad in effect, YG'z in effect
Now you know a nigga like me gotta represent)
[Verse 4: Majestic of Live Squad]
Once again, back to rip shit, quick on the flip tip
The psycho, represent the real to take the mic flow
Deadly, rock a head G, check the melody
Niggas can't touch me when I wreckin G you better flee
Cause I'm gifted with a jab and a forty-four Mag
So nigga flip or take a trip in a body bag
Uhh, boom you slipped up, now you're zipped up
Yeah one more statistic, fronted and got ripped up
No joke, you be yolk, no matter how it sound
We're taking all fake niggas back to the stomping grounds
Line em up single file, dome runnin in em
A nigga hit em with the venom, the fourth deadly venom
(Nigga, yaknowhatI'msayin? Fuck that!
I told you, we takin over, yo 'Pac.)
[Verse 5: 2Pac]
Five deadly venomz verse five be the livest
Strugglin and strive, keep a nine in my waistline
Take mine, you better bury me, G
Punk ass niggas don't even worry me, see
I got a Glock that say 'Pac run the block
Fuck the cops cause my gauge gets me... PAID
As I sit and reminisce about the old days
Hugging on my AK, fuck getting played, hey
I say niggas need to get they mind right
Until they do I pop a clip and grip my nine tight
Now it's on everday could be my last day
That's why I blast on they ass as I passed let the glass spray.
First you had a mouth full of fronts
Now your mouth's full of chunks, Pac's out puffin blunts
Deadly venomz
(Hahaha, yeah pass that shit over here
Apache bout to clean shit up.)
[Verse 6: Apache]
Throw up your middle finger! Start the track for the maniac
Only thing I'm givin out is black donuts and dirty backs
Let me tell how you rough I get
I pop shit behind your back get in your face and pop the same shit
You can't get in because my gate's bigger I'mma snake nigga
My act guards me so hard I pull the fuckin trigger
I'm a cinch in a clinch, your punch is like a pinch.
Test the rhyme I'll knock your hairline back an inch
Fuckin up pooh-butts, cut em like cold cuts
Choke em with my boot lace, then leave em hangin like old nuts
Clip up and move out, time to get em
That's the results of fuckin with the fifth venom in denim
(Yeah, yaknowhatI'msayin?
Five motherfuckin deadly venomz, in effect for ninety-three
Ninety-four ninety-five all that other shit
We takin this motherfucker over this larger hit
YaknowhatI'msayin? Follow us, come along. Yaknowhat I'msayin?
We takin this motherfucker over. TRUST. We out.)

Intro by 2Pac
[Male Reporter]
At 12:25 AM Wednesday, 2Pac was on his way into a time square building to record at an eight floor studio to record with another rapper. But in the lobby, Shakur was shot several times, including two graze wounds to the head. 2Pac's lawyers said the attack appeared to be a setup
[Female Reporter]
Against doctors orders, 2Pac Shakur checked himself out of the hospital less than 24 hours after being shot 5 times on the way into a Manhattan recording studio
[Male Reporter]
2Pac Shakur secures one clean legal victory this year, as he's dismissed of assault charges brought against him when he allegedly shot at two off-duty Atlantic cops on Halloween last year. The case was dismissed due to insufficient evidence
[Male Reporter]
More controvery surrounding 2Pac Shakur ...
[Female Reporter]
Meanwhile, in 2Pac news, at about 6:45 tonight, Shakur may have lowered his own chances of surviving the attack by checking himself out of the hospital that probably saved his life
[Male Reporter]
2Pac Shakur checked into the Metropolitan Hospital yesterday under an assumed name. His lawyers said that he had connections, but wouldn't say what kind, that could provide top notch security for the injured rap star
[Female Reporter]
Shakur underwent surgery today ...
[Male Reporter]
The shooting of 2Pac Shakur here in New York City once again underscores the violence that has surrounded this man since he shot to superstardom in the world of music and entertainment

If I Die 2Nite by 2Pac
[Intro]
A coward dies a thousand deaths
A soldier dies but once
[Verse 1: 2Pac]
They say pussy and paper is poetry, power and pistols
Plotting on murderin motherfuckers 'fore they get you
Picturing pitiful punk niggas copping pleas
Puffing weed as I position myself to clock G's
My enemies scatter in suicidal situations
Never to witness the wicked shit that they was facin
Pockets is packed with presidents, pursue your riches
Evading the playa hating tricks, while hitting switches
Bitches is bad-mouth, cause brawlin motherfuckers is bold
But charge them hoes; the game should be sold
The sickest psychotic society somebody save me
Addicted to drama so even mama couldn't raise me
Even the preacher and all my teachers couldn't reach me
I run in the streets and puffing weed wit my peeps
I'm ducking the cops, I hit the weed as I'm clutching my Glock
Niggas is hot when I hit the block, what if I die tonight
[Hook: 2Pac and Dr. Dre]
[2Pac]
If I die tonight (repeat 3X)
[Dr.Dre]
Tonight's the night I get in some shit
[Verse 2: 2Pac]
Polish your pistols, prepare for battle, pass the pump
When I get to popping niggas is dropping then they done
Calling the coroner come collect the fucking corpse
He got hit by a killer, preoccupied with being boss
Revenge is the method, whenever steppin keep a weapon close
Adversaries are overdosed over deadly notes
Jealous niggas and broke bitches equal packed jails
Hit the block and fill your pockets making crack sales
Picture perfection pursuing paper with a passion
Visions of prisons for all the pussies that I blasted
Running with criminals individuals with no remorse
Try to stop me my pistol posse's using deadly force
In my brain all I can think about is fame
The police know my name, a different game, ain't a thing changed
I'm seeing cemetary photos of my peers
Conversating like they still here, if I die tonight
[Hook: 2Pac and Dr. Dre]
[Verse 3: 2Pac]
Pussy and paper is poetry power and pistols
Plotting on murdering motherfuckers 'fore they get you
Pray to the heavens three-fifty-sevens to the sky
And I hope I'm forgiven for Thug Livin when I die
I wonder if heaven got a ghetto for Thug niggas
A stress free life and a spot for drug dealers
Pissing while practicing how to pimp and be a playa
Overdose of a dick, while drinking liquor when I lay her
Pistol whipping these simps, for being petrified and lame
Disrespecting the game, praying for punishment and pain
Going insane, never die, I live eternal, who shall I fear?
Don't shed a tear for me nigga I ain't happy here
I hope they bury me and send me to my rest
Headlines readin MURDERED TO DEATH, my last breath
Take a look picture a crook on his last stand
Motherfuckers don't understand, if I die tonight
[Hook: 2Pac and Dr. Dre]

Me Against the World by 2Pac
[Hook: 2Pac]
It's just me against the world
Nothing to lose
It's just me against the world, baby
I got nothing to lose, it's just me against the world
Stuck in the game
Me against the world, baby
[Verse 1: 2Pac]
Can you picture my prophecy?
Stress in the city, the cops on top of me
The projects is full of bullets, the bodies is dropping
There ain't no stopping me
Constantly moving while making millions
Witnessing killings, leaving dead bodies in abandoned buildings
Can't reach the children cause they're illing
Addicted to killing and the appeal from the cap peeling
Without feeling, but will they last or be blasted?
Hard headed bastard
Maybe he'll listen in his casket; the aftermath
More bodies being buried
I'm losing my homies in a hurry
They're relocating to the cemetery
Got me worried, stressing, my vision's blurried
The question is will I live? No one in the world loves me
I'm headed for danger, don't trust strangers
Put one in the chamber whenever I'm feeling this anger
Don't wanna make excuses, cause this is how it is, what's the use?
Unless we're shooting no one notices the youth
It's just me against the world baby
[Hook: 2Pac & Puff Johnson]
Me against the world
It's just me against the world
It's just me against the world
Me against the world
Cause it's just me against the world, baby
Me against the world
I got nothing to lose, it's just me against the world, baby
I got nothing to lose
[Verse 2: Yaki Kadafi]
Could somebody help me? I'm out here all by myself
See ladies in stores, Baby Capone's, living wealthy
Pictures of my birth on this Earth is what I'm dreaming
Seeing Daddy's semen, full of crooked demons, already crazy and screaming
I guess them nightmares as a child
Had me scared, but left me prepared for a while
Is there another route? For a crooked Outlaw
Veteran, a villain, a young thug, who one day shall fall
[Verse 3: E.D.I. Mean]
Everyday there's more death, and plus I'm dough-less, I'm seeing more reasons
For me to proceed with thieving scheme on the scheming and leave they peeps grieving
Cause ain't no bucks to stack up, my nuts is backed up
I'm bout to act up, go load the Mac up, now watch me klacka
Tried making fat cuts, but yo it ain't working
And evil's lurking, I can see him smirking
When I gets to perving, so what?
Go put some work in, and make my mail, making sales
Risking 25 with a 'L', but oh well
[Hook: 2Pac & Puff Johnson]
Me against the world
With nothing to lose it's just me against the world
It's just me against the world, baby
Me against the world
I got nothing to lose, it's just me against the world
It's just me against the world, baby
With nothing to lose, it's just me against the world, baby
Me against the world
Me against the world
I got nothing to lose it's just me against the world, baby
[Verse 4: 2Pac]
With all this extra stressing
The question I wonder is after death, after my last breath
When will I finally get to rest through this suppression?
They punish the people that's asking questions
And those that possess, steal from the ones without possessions
The message I stress; to make it stop study your lessons
Don't settle for less; even the genius asks his questions
Be grateful for blessings
Don't ever change, keep your essence
The power is in the people and politics we address
Always do your best, don't let the pressure make you panic
And when you get stranded, and things don't go the way you planned it
Dreaming of riches, in a position of making a difference
Politicians and hypocrites, they don't wanna listen
If I'm insane, it's the fame made a brother change
It wasn't nothing like the game
It's just me against the world
[Hook: 2Pac & Puff Johnson]
Me against the world
Nothing to lose, it's just me against the world, baby
Me against the world
Got me stuck in the game, it's just me against the world
Nothing to lose, it's just me against the world, baby
Me against the world
[Outro: 2Pac]
Hahaha, that's right
I know it seem hard sometimes but uh
Remember one thing
Through every dark night, there's a bright day after that
So no matter how hard it get, stick your chest out
Keep your head up and handle it

So Many Tears by 2Pac
I shall not fear no man but God
Though I walk through the valley of death
I shed so many tears
If I should die before I wake
Please God walk with me
Grab a nigga and take me to Heaven
[Verse 1]
Back in elementary, I thrived on misery
Left me alone I grew up amongst a dying breed
Inside my mind couldn't find a place to rest
Until I got that Thug Life tatted on my chest
Tell me can you feel me
I'm not living in the past, you wanna last?
Be the first to blast Remember Kato
No longer with us; he's deceased
Call on the sirens, seen him murdered in the streets, now rest in peace
Is there heaven for a G? Remember me
So many homies in the cemetery, shed so many tears
[Refrain]
I suffered through the years, and shed so many tears
Lord, I lost so many peers, and shed so many tears
[Verse 2]
Now that I'm struggling in this business, by any means
Label me greedy gettin' green, but seldom seen
And fuck the world cause I'm cursed, I'm having visions
Of leaving here in a hearse, God can you feel me?
Take me away from all the pressure and all the pain
Show me some happiness again, I'm going blind
I spend my time in this cell, ain't living well
I know my destiny is Hell Where did I fail?
My life is in denial and when I die
Baptized in eternal fire I'll shed so many tears
[Refrain]
[Verse 3]
Now I'm lost and I'm weary So many tears
I'm suicidal so don't stand near me
My every move is a calculated step, to bring me closer
To embrace an early death, now there's nothing left
There was no mercy on the streets, I couldn't rest
I'm barely standing, bout to go to pieces, screamin' peace
And though my soul was deleted, I couldn't see it
I had my mind full of demons trying to break free
They planted seeds and they hatched, sparking the flame
Inside my brain like a match, such a dirty game
No memories, just a misery
Painting a picture of my enemies killing me, in my sleep
Will I survive 'til the mornin' to see the sun
Please Lord forgive me for my sins, cause here I come
[Refrain]
[Verse 4]
Lord knows I tried, been a witness to homicide
Seen drive-bys takin' lives, little kids die
Wonder why as I walk by
Broken-hearted as I glance at the chalk line, getting high
This ain't the life for me, I wanna change
But ain't no future bright for me, I'm stuck in the game
I'm trapped inside a maze
See this Tanqueray influenced me to getting crazy
Disillusioned lately, I've been really wanting babies
So I could see a part of me that wasn't always shady
Don't trust my lady cause she's a product of this poison
I'm hearing noises, think she's fuckin' all my boys, can't take no more
I'm fallin' to the floor; beggin' for the Lord to let me in
To Heaven's door -- Shed so many tears
[Refrain]

Temptations by 2Pac
[Sample]
Heyyyy! Heyy-ayyaahhyy
[Intro]
Yo Mo Bee man, drop that shit!
You know what time, boo-yaow, I know it's time for you
So grab one by the hand you know what I'm sayin'
And uhh, throw up that finger
Ayo throw y'all fingers up! Thug style baby, Thug style y'know?
[Verse 1]
Tell me baby are you lonely? Don't wanna rush ya
I can help ya if ya only, let me touch ya
If I'm wrong love tell me, cause I get caught up
And the life I live is Hell see, I never thought I'd see
The day when I would calm down, you ain't heard
I've been known to clown and Get Around, that's my word
See you walkin and you lookin good, yes indeed
Got a body like a sex fiend, you're killin me
With your attitude to match right, don't be phony
Cause I hate when you act like, you don't know me
I've be stressin in the spotlight, I want the fame
But the industry's a lot like, a crap game
Ain't no time for commitment, I gotta go
Can't be with you every minute miss, another show
And even though I'm known for my one night stand
(Look here) I wanna be an honest man, but temptations go
[Interlude]
Throw up the finger! And all my homies go
Throw them the finger! Ya know what baby it's like
[Hook]
I know you've been searchin for someone
To make you happy, and get the job done
You say you needed, a man with money
But I can't be there, and will you still care
[Verse 2]
Will I cheat or will I be committed, heaven knows
Gettin weak and I wanna hit it, so here I go
In my ride and I'm all in, gettin high
I can hear the people callin, I'm passin by
Everybody knows I'm ballin, and to God
Gotta keep myself from fall-in, but it's hard
All the cuties know I'm under pressure, what do I do
Gettin shaky when she pull the dress up, and say it's cool
Should I stroke or should I wait a while, you decide
If you tell me that you don't want it, that's a lie
Move close and let me whisper, some dirty words
In your ears as I kiss ya, on every curve
Slow down baby don't rush, I like it slow
Can't hold it any longer, so let it go
Open the gates to your waterfall up in heaven
And don't worry, I let myself in, all I heard was
[Interlude]
Give em the finger!
All my homies go, throw your fingers up
That's just the Thug in me girl, you know
Peep out all my homies, y'know, it's like
[Hook]
[Verse 3]
A lotta people think it's easy, to settle down
Got a woman that'll please me, in every town
I don't wanna but I gotta do it, the temptation
Got me ready to release the fluid, sensation
Sit down and conversate like you know me, take my hand
Cause even Thugs get lonely, understand
Even the hardest of my homies need attention
Catch you blowin up the telephone, reminiscin
I wanna take you to the movies, and the park
Let's find a spot for you to do me, in the dark
Now that it's passion, hold me tight
Don't need lights, I can see you by the moonlight
I know your man ain't lovin you right
You're lonely and depressed you need a Thug in your life
Enough talkin, you want me to leave, I'll get to walkin
See you later, cause baby I'm a player, and all I heard was
[Interlude]
Give 'em the finger, and all my homies go
Yo this how we gonna do this in the nine-trey y'know?
Throw your fingers up
You know? They gonna peep this, this how we run game on you
(Everybody, heyy, alright
Heyy, heyyyeah, heyyyayy, ohh)
All my niggas go, uptown in the, give 'em the finger!
Throw your hands up, give em the finger!

Young Niggaz by 2Pac
[Intro]
I wanna dedicate this one to Robert 'Yummy' Sandifer
And all other lil' Young Niggas that's in a rush to be gangstas
[Verse 1]
As a Young nigga, I'm almost runnin' in the wind
Give anything, to be that innocent again, when I was ten
I didn't bang but I was hangin' with the homies
'Til them niggas started slangin', now they don't know me
I got my hustle on, learned to ignore what couldn't pay me
Lately I've been tryin' to make a mill-ion, can you blame me?
With that jealousy they need to miss me, don't sweat me
If them cowards really want me, come get me, and even I
Someday will die but I'm cautious, I'm fin' to ride
Put down the top, now we flossin'
Hit the freeway, let the wind blow, drop the window
Workin' with a twenty sack of indo, feelin' good
Stop through the hood, grab the young thugs
And I can't help but reminisce back when we slung drugs, though it's bad
But all we had was our hopes and dreams
Couldn't see unless we learned to slang dope to fiends
As Young Niggas
[Hook]
He's the kind of G like everybody knows
(As a strung nigga)
He's always G'd up, from head to toe
(My memories as a young nigga)
Always got it blown like Al Capone
(Strung nigga)
He's the downest G I've ever known
[Verse 2]
Back in Junior High, when we was barely gettin' by, when daddy died
That's when my momma started gettin' high
My neighborhood was full of drive-bys, couldn't survive
All our homies livin' short lives, I couldn't cry
Told my momma if I did die, just put a blunt in my casket
Let me get my dead homies high
Come follow me throughout my history, it's just
Me Against the World stuck in misery; as a young nigga
My only thing was to be paid
Life full of riches avoid snitches cause they shady, back in the days
We always found the time to play
But that's before they taught them gangbangers how to spray
Not just L.A., but in the Bay and in Chicago and even St. Louis
Every stadium that I go, when will they change?
Stuck in the game like a dumb nigga
Remember how it was, to be a young nigga
[Hook]
[Bridge]
I'm tellin' you..
.. to be young, have your brains and have every limb and all that
Yo, y'all niggas don't know how good you really do got it
Muh'fuckers need to just calm down
And peep what the fuck they wanna do for the rest of the life
'Fore you end your life before you begin your life
You dumb nigga
[Verse 3]
Now that I'm grown, I got my mind on bein' somethin'
Don't wanna be another statistic, out here doin' nuttin'
Tryin' to maintain in this dirty game, keep it real
And I will even if it kills me, my Young Niggas
Break away from these dumb niggas
Put down the guns and have some fun nigga, the rest'll come figure
Fame is a fast thang, that gangbangin'
Puttin' niggas in a casket, murdered for hangin'
At the wrong place at the wrong time, no longer livin'
Cause he threw up the wrong sign, and every day
I watch the murder rate increases, and even worse
The epidemic and diseases, what is the future?
The projects lookin' hopeless, where
More and more brothers givin' up and don't care
Sometimes I hate when brothers act up, I hit the weed
And I proceed to blow the track up, for Young Niggas
[Hook]
He's the kind of G like everybody knows
He's always G'd up, from head to toe
He always got it blown like Al Capone
He's the downest G I've ever known
['Pac talking overlaps singing last four lines]
This go out to the young thugs, the have-nots (you know)
Little bad motherfuckers from the block (that's right)
Them niggas that's thirteen and fourteen
Drivin' Cadillacs, Benzes and shit (I see you boy)
Young motherfuckin' hustlers (make that money boy)
Stay strong nigga
You could be a fuckin' accountant, not a dope dealer
You know what I'm sayin'? (Go to school nigga, go to school)
Fuck around and, you pimpin' out here
You could be a lawyer (really doe)
Niggas gotta get they priorities straight
(Don't see Johnny Cochran out in this motherfucker)
Really doe.. Young Niggas.. little RahRah
(sup nigga) Especially my little cousins don't be no dumb guy
(Don't be a dumb nigga, listen, Young Niggas)

Heavy in the Game by 2Pac
[Verse 1: 2Pac]
Now how can I explain how this game laced, plus with this fame
I got enemies do anything to break me, my attitude changed
Got to the point where I was driven, twenty-four/seven
Money's my mission, just a nigga tryin' to make a livin'
These busta tricks don't want no mail
They spendin' they riches on skanless bitches
Who'll stay petrified in jail
It's hell, plus all the dealers want a meal ticket
Jealous-ass bitches, player-hatin' but we still kick it
Always keep my eyes on the prize, watch the police
Seen so much murder, neighborhoods gettin no sleep
But still, I get my money on major, continuously
Communicatin' through my pager, niggas know me
Don't have no homies cause they jealous, I hustle solo
Cause when I'm broke I got no time for the fellas. Listen
Ain't nothin' poppin' 'bout no work nigga, I ain't no joke
Fuck what they say and get your dough nigga
Heavy in the game
[Hook: Lady Levi w/ ad-libs]
Game's been good to me
Game's been good to me
I don't care what it did to them
Game's been good to me
[Verse 2: Richie Rich]
(Well let me shoot some of this how heavy type of shit)
Certain niggas wanna stick to the game, you's a trick to the game
Waitin' upon your turn, son when will you learn?
Ain't no turns given, niggas be twistin' and takin' shit
Puttin' they sack down, then puttin' they mack down
Me myself I hustle with finesse yes I'm an Oakland baller
Rule number one: check game, and fo' sho' you gon' respect game
Be your own nigga meanin' buy your own dope
Cause that front shit is punk shit, something I never funked with
Be true to this game and this game will be true to you
That's real shit; disrespect, see what this here do to you
That jackin' and robbin', despisin' your homie
Ain't healthy, niggas be endin' up dead 'fore they get wealthy
But not me though, I'm sewin' somethin' major
So what I reap is boss -- that's why my public status is floss
Went from a, young nigga livin' residential
To a, young nigga workin' presidential
[Hook]
[Verse 3: 2Pac]
I'm just a young black male, cursed since my birth
Had to turn to crack sales, if worse come to worse
Headed for them packed, jails, or maybe it's a hearse
My only way to stack mail, is out here doin' dirt
Made my decisions do or die, been hustlin' since junior high
No time for askin' why, gettin' high, gettin' mine
Put away my nine, cause these times call for four-five shells
Cause life is hell and everybody dies
What about these niggas I despise -- them loud talkin' cowards
Shootin' guns into crowds, jeopardizin' lives
Shoot 'em right between them niggas' eyes, it's time to realize
Follow the rules or follow them fools that die
Everybody's tryin' to make the news, niggas confused
Quit tryin' to be an O.G. and pay your dues
If you choose to apply yourself, go with the grain
And come the riches and the bitches and the fame
Heavy in the game
[Hook]

Lord Knows by 2Pac
[Intro: 2Pac]
Damn, another funeral, another motherfucker
Lord knows
['Pac is choking on blunt smoke]
Lord knows
[Coughing harder]
Lord knows
[One final cough]
[Verse 1]
I smoke a blunt to take the pain out
And if I wasn't high, I'd probably try to blow my brains out
I'm hopeless, they should've killed me as a baby
And now they got me trapped in the storm, I'm goin' crazy
Forgive me; they wanna see me in my casket
And if I don't blast I'll be the victim of them bastards
I'm losin' hope, they got me stressin', can the Lord forgive me
Got the spirit of a thug in me
Another sip of that drink, this Hennessey got me queasy
Don't wanna hurl, young nigga take it easy
Picture your dreams on a triple beam, and it seems
Don't underestimate the power of a fiend
To my homies on the block
Slangin' rocks with your Glocks put this tape in your box
When you're runnin from the cops -- and never look back
If they could be black, then they would switch
Open fire on them busta-ass bitches, and Lord knows...
[Hook]
(Lord knows, Lord knows, Lord knows!)
Lord knows
[Coughing again]
(He knows! Lord knows, Lord knows, Lord knows!)
The Lord knows
[Still coughing]
(He knows! Lord knows, Lord knows, Lord knows!)
The Lord knows
(He knows! Lord knows, Lord knows, Lord knows!)
[Verse 2]
I wonder if the Lord will forgive me or bury me a G
I couldn't let my adversaries worry me
And every single day it's a test, wear a bulletproof vest
And still a nigga stressin' over death
If I could choose when a nigga die, figure I'd
Take a puff on the blunt, and let my trigga fly
When everyday it's another death, with every breath
It's a constant threat, so watch yo' step!
You could be next if you want to, who do you run to?
Murderin' niggas, look what it's come to
My memories bring me misery, and life is hard
In the ghetto, it's insanity, I can't breathe
Got me thinking, what do Hell got?
Cause I done suffered so much, I'm feelin' shell-shocked
And driveby's an everyday thang
I done lost too many homies to this motherfuckin' game
And Lord knows...
[Hook]
[Verse 3]
One-time! One-time!
Fuck the 5-0 cause they after me
Kill me if they could, I'll never let 'em capture me
Done lost too many niggas to this gangbangin'
Homies died in my arms, with his brains hangin', fucked up!
I had to tell him it was alright, and that's a lie
And he knew it when he shook and died, my God
Even though I know I'm wrong man
Hennesey make a nigga think he strong, man (heh heh)
I can't sleep, so I stay up, don't wanna fuck them bitches
Try to calm me down, I ain't givin' up
I'm gettin' lost in the weed, man, gettin' high
Livin' every day, like I'm gon' die (gon' die, gon' die)
I smoke a blunt to take the pain out
And if I wasn't high, I'd probably try to blow my brains out
Lord knows...
[Outro]
(Lord knows, Lord knows, Lord knows!)
Lord knows!
(He knows! Lord knows, Lord knows, Lord knows!)
Lord knows.. Jesus..
(He knows! Lord knows, Lord knows, Lord knows!)
(He is listening! Lord knows, Lord knows, Lord knows!)
(Lord knows.. Lord knows.. he he.. he.. he.. heeee...)
(Lord knows, Lord knows, Lord knows!)
(Lord knows, Lord knows, Lord knows!)
(Lord knows, Lord knows, Lord knows!)
(Lord knows, Lord knows, Lord knows!)

Dear Mama by 2Pac
[Verse 1]
When I was young, me and my mama had beef
17 years old, kicked out on the streets
Though back at the time I never thought I'd see her face
Ain't a woman alive that could take my mama's place
Suspended from school and scared to go home, I was a fool
With the big boys breaking all the rules
I shed tears with my baby sister, over the years
We was poorer than the other little kids
And even though we had different daddies, the same drama
When things went wrong we'd blame mama
I reminisce on the stress I caused, it was hell
Huggin' on my mama from a jail cell
And who'd think in elementary, hey
I'd see the penitentiary one day?
And running from the police, that's right
Mama catch me, put a whoopin' to my backside
And even as a crack fiend, mama
You always was a black queen, mama
I finally understand
For a woman it ain't easy trying to raise a man
You always was committed
A poor single mother on welfare, tell me how you did it
There's no way I can pay you back, but the plan
Is to show you that I understand
You are appreciated
[Hook: Reggie Green & "Sweet Franklin" (w/ 2Pac)]
Lady, don'tcha know we love ya? (Dear mama)
Sweet lady, place no one above ya (You are appreciated)
Sweet lady, don'tcha know we love ya?
[Verse 2]
Now ain't nobody tell us it was fair
No love from my daddy cause the coward wasn't there
He passed away and I didn't cry, cause my anger
Wouldn't let me feel for a stranger
They say I'm wrong and I'm heartless, but all along
I was looking for a father he was gone
I hung around with the thugs, and even though they sold drugs
They showed a young brother love
I moved out and started really hangin'
I needed money of my own so I started slangin
I ain't guilty cause even though I sell rocks
It feels good putting money in your mailbox
I love paying rent when the rent's due
I hope you got the diamond necklace that I sent to you
Cause when I was low you was there for me
And never left me alone because you cared for me
And I could see you coming home after work late
You're in the kitchen trying to fix us a hot plate
You just working with the scraps you was given
And mama made miracles every Thanksgivin'
But now the road got rough, you're alone
You're trying to raise 2 bad kids on your own
And there's no way I can pay you back, but my plan
Is to show you that I understand
You are appreciated
[Hook]
[Verse 3]
Pour out some liquor and I reminisce, cause through the drama
I can always depend on my mama
And when it seems that I'm hopeless
You say the words that can get me back in focus
When I was sick as a little kid
To keep me happy there's no limit to the things you did
And all my childhood memories
Are full of all the sweet things you did for me
And even though I act crazy
I gotta thank the Lord that you made me
There are no words that can express how I feel
You never kept a secret, always stayed real
And I appreciate how you raised me
And all the extra love that you gave me
I wish I could take the pain away
If you can make it through the night there's a brighter day
Everything will be alright if you hold on
It's a struggle every day, gotta roll on
And there's no way I can pay you back, but my plan
Is to show you that I understand
You are appreciated

It Ain't Easy by 2Pac
Keepin' it real
[Verse 1]
I take a shot of Hennessy, now I'm strong enough to face the madness
Nickel bag full of cess weed laced with hash
Phone calls from my niggas on the, other side
Two childhood friends just died, I couldn't cry
A damn shame, when will we ever change?
And what remains from a twelve gauge to the brain?
Arguments with my Boo, it's true
I spend mo' time with my niggas than I do with you
But everywhere it's the same thang, that's the game
I'll be damned if a thang changed, fuck the fame
I'll be hustling to make a mill-ion, lord knows
Ain't no love for us ghetto children, so we cold
Rag-top slowin' down, time to stop for gas
Beep my horn for a hoochie with a proper ass, uhh
It ain't easy, that's my motto
Drinkin' Tanqueray straight out the bottle
Everybody wanna know if I'm insane
My baby mama gotta mind full of silly games
And all the drama got me stressin' like I'm hopeless, I can't cope
Me and the homies smokin' roaches, cause we broke
Late night hangin' out 'til the sunrise gettin' high
Watchin' the cops roll by
It ain't easy... that's right
[Hook]
It ain't easy, being me
Will I see the penitentiary or will I stay free?
[Verse 2]
I can't sleep, niggas plottin' on to kill me while I'm dreamin'
Wake up sweaty and screamin', cause I can hear them suckers schemin'
Probably paranoid, problem is, them punks be fantasizin'
A brother bite the bullet, open fire and I died
I wonder why this the way it is, even now
Lookin' out for these killa kids, cause they wild
Bill Clinton can you recognize a nigga representin'
Doin' twenty to life in San Quentin
Gettin' calls from my nigga Mike Tyson, ain't nuttin' nice
Yo 'Pac, do something righteous witcha life
And even though you're innocent you still a nigga, so they figure
Rather have you behind bars than triggers
But I'm hold ya down and holla Thug Life, lickin' shots
'Til I see my niggas free on the block
But no it ain't easy, hahahah
'Til I see my niggas free on the block, uh
It ain't easy
[Hook]
[Verse 3]
Lately been reminiscin'
'Bout Peppermint Schnapps in Junior High hit the block
Keep an eye on the cops while D-Boys slang rocks
Just a project kid without a conscience, I'm havin' dreams
Of hearin' screams at my concerts, me and all my childhood peers
Through the years tryin' to stack a little green
I was only seventeen, when I started servin' fiends
And I wish there was another way to stack a dolla
Sold my Impala cause these hard times make me wanna holla
Will I live to see tomorrow, am I fallin' off?
I hit the weed and then proceed to say fuck all of y'all
Ain't nobody down with me I'm thuggin', I can't go home
Cause muh-fuckers think I'm buggin', so now I'm in
This high powered cell at the county jail
Punk judge got a grudge, can't post no bail, what
Do I do in these county blues
Gettin' battered and bruised by the you know who
And these fakes get to shakin' when they face me
Snakes ain't got enough nuts to replace me
Sittin' in this, livin' hell, listenin' to niggas yell
Tryna torture 'em to tell, I'm gettin' mail
But ain't nobody sayin' much, the same old nuts
Is makin' bucks while these sluts is gettin' fucked
They violated my probation, and it seems
I'll be goin' on a long vacation, meanwhile
It Ain't Easy
No It Ain't Easy
[Hook]

Can U Get Away by 2Pac
[Intro: 2Pac and Anya talking]
Whassup? It's 2Pac. Can you get away? Let me come swoop you up
You know I got a man
I know you got a man, but he ain't gon' mind if I take you out
Of course he gon' mind
Let me take you to lunch, I'll have you back before he even get home, before anybody see
I can't. (Aww c'mon!) He ain't gon' let me
Pleeeeeease...
Nah
Oh aight - what's wrong with your eye? Why you got on glasses?
[Verse 1: 2Pac]
Ever since I met ya I could peep the pressure
It's like your man don't understand, all he does is stress ya
I can see your state of misery from the introduction
Ain't 'bout no sucking and touching, just harmless discussion
Maybe we can see a better way, find a brighter day
Late night phone conversations -- would that be OK?
I don't wanna take up all your time, be the next in line
Tell me your size, let me find you things with you in mind
I can see you're cautious and I'm careful not to scare you
The anticipation of love making, got you shaking when I'm standing near you
News of precision will prepare ya
In case you get scared, just ask the man in the mirror
Now the picture's gettin' clearer all he does is hit you hard
I tell you to leave him, and you tell me keep my faith in God
I don't understand, I just wanna bring ya home
I wonder should I leave you alone and find a woman of my own
All the homies tell me that you don't deserve it
I contemplate -- but in my heart I know you worth it
Tell me, can you get away?
Ebony, can you get away?
C'mon.. Let's go.. Can you get away?
Can you get away?
[Hook: Anya Pinto]
So much pressure in the air (I know, I know)
And I can't get away (Just for a little while love)
I'm not happy here (I know it's hard but, can you get away?)
So much pressure in the air (Let's go man, get up outta there, can you get away?)
And I can't get away (Do you love him?)
I'm not happy here (Do you love that man?)
[Verse 2: 2Pac]
Could it be my destiny to be lonely?
Ain't checkin' for these hoochies that be on me cause they phony
But you was different -- I got no need to be suspicious
Cause I can tell -- my life with you would be delicious
The way you lick your lips and shake your hips got me addicted
I'm sittin' here hoping that we can find some way to kick it
Even though I got your digits gotta struggle to resist it
Slowly advance when it's my chance not to miss it
You blow me kisses
When he ain't lookin', now your heart's tooken
My only wish is that you change your mind and he get shook
Wanna take you there but you scared to follow, come see tomorrow
Hoping I can take you through the pain and sorrow
Let you know I care -- that someone's there for your struggle
Depend on me, when you have needs or there's trouble
I wanna give you happiness and maybe even more
I told you before, no time to waste we can hook up at the store
Can you get away?
[Hook 2: Anya Pinto]
So much pressure in the air (I know it is)
And I can't get away (Yeah you can)
I'm not happy here (You ain't happy huh ..Can you get away?)
So much pressure in the air (I know.. is he beatin' on you?)
And I can't get away (Did he punch you?)
I'm not happy here (Throwin' you around the house?)
[Verse 3: 2Pac]
I sit here reminiscin' and I hope you listenin'
In the position to pressure and offer competition
Me and you -- was meant to be my destiny, no longer lonely
Cause now it's on for you and me, all I can see
A happy home, that's my fantasy
But my reality is problems with your man and me
What can I do? Don't wanna lose you to this sucker
Cause if he touch ya, I got some drama for that busta
Don't wanna rush ya -- but make your mind up fast
Nobody knows -- on who controls will it last, before I ask
I hope you see that I'm sincere, and even if you
Stay with him today I'm still here
I refuse to give up -- cause I believe in what we share
You're livin' in prison and what he's givin' can't compare
Cause everything I feel for you I wanna let you know
Passionately yours and I'll never let you go
Tell me, can you get away?
[Hook 3: Anya Pinto]
So much pressure in the air (Can't get away why?)
And I can't get away
I'm not happy here (Let me take you away, all I wanna know, can you get away?)
So much pressure in the air (Man)
And I can't get away (Course you can get away)
I'm not happy here (If you really wanted to get away, you could get away)
[Outro: 2Pac]
You ain't got to go through all this drama and this stress
With this old half a man, ya know what I'm sayin'?
I ain't tryin' to put you in a position
Where you gotta give up your lifestyle for everything
You need but now.. he ain't even takin' care of you
He beatin' on you and shit; look how you look
You too motherfuckin' raw to be with that nigga, ya know what I'm sayin'?
Shake that sucker to the left
Let me show you what this life is really about
Ya know what I'm sayin'? You need to be on first class
Need to be goin' to Hawaii, seein' the world
Seein' what this world got to offer you
Not goin' to, ya know what I'm sayin'?
The emergency room, gettin' stitches
Cause this nigga done got jealous
Don't cry, it's all good
[2Pac and Anya talking again]
Can you take me from here?
Shake that man, get away
Can you take me from here?
I'ahhhhhm unhappy here
And I need you to show me love
Because it's so much pressure now
And I neeeeed to get awayyyheyyyeahhh

Old School by 2Pac
[Intro: 2Pac]
Here we go; we gonna send this one out to the old school
All these motherfuckers in the Bronx, and Brooklyn, and Staten Island
Queens, and all the motherfuckers that laid it down, the foundation
Ya know what I'm saying? Nothing but love for the old school
That's who were going do this one for, ya feel me?
[Hook: Grand Puba sample] (x5)
"What more could I say? I wouldn't be here today
If the old school didn't pave the way"
[Verse 1: 2Pac]
I remember Mr. Magic, Flash, Grandmaster Caz
LL, Raising Hell, but, that didn't last
Eric B. & Rakim was, the shit to me
I flip to see a Doug E. Fresh show, with Ricky D
And Red Alert was puttin in work, with Chuck Chill
Had my homies on the hill getting ill, when shit was real
Went out to steal. Remember Raw, with Daddy Kane?!
When De La Soul was puttin Potholes in the game
I can't explain how it was, Whodini
Had me puffin on that buddha gettin buzzed, cause there I was
Them block parties in the projects, and on my block
You diggy don't stop, sippin on that Private Stock
Through my speaker Queen Latifah, and MC Lyte
Listen to Treach, KRS to get me through the night
With T La Rock and Mantronix, to Stetsasonic
Remember "Push It" was the bomb shit, nuttin like the old school
[Hook: Grand Puba]
[Verse 2: 2Pac]
I had, Shell Toes, and BVD's
A killer crease inside my Lee's when I hit the streets
I'm playing skelly, Ringolevio, or catch a kiss
Before the homies in my hood learned to smack a bitch
I remember. way back, the weak weed they had
Too many seeds in the trey bag
I'm on the train headin uptown, freestyling
With some wild kids from Bucktown, profiling
Cus the hoochies was starin, thinking "what them niggas wearing?"
I'm wondering if that's her hair, I remember
Stickball, humpin hoochies on the wall
Or taking leaks on the steps, stinking up the hall
Through my childhood, wild as a juvenile
A young nigga tryin to stay away from Rikers Isle
Me and my homies breakin nights, tryin to keep it true
Out on the roof sipping 90 proof, ain't nuttin like the old school
[Hook: Grand Puba]
[Verse 3: 2Pac]
Remember popping and locking to Kurtis Blow, the name belts
And Scott LaRock the Super Ho back in Latin Quarters
When Slick Rick was spittin La Di Da Di
Gaming the hoochies at the neighborhood block parties
I remember, breakdancing to Melle Mel
Jekyll and Hyde, LL when he Rocks the Bells
Forget the TV, I'd rather hit the streets and do graffiti
Be careful don't let the transit cops see me
It ain't nothing like the old school!
[Hook: Grand Puba]
[Outro: 2Pac]
Haha, on the real though
Remember seeing Brooklyn go crazy up in the motherfucking party?
Remember motherfuckers used to go, "Is Brooklyn in the house?"
And motherfuckers would lose they God Damn Mind!
That's the old school to me; that's what I'm sayin (Super, Sperm)
I remember goin places that motherfuckers was scared to say
They was from anywhere but Brooklyn; that shit was the bomb
Back in the motherfucking old school nigga
Remember skelly nigga? Knocking niggas out the box, popping boxes?
Remember stickball? Member niggas to run that shit like that?
Remember the block-- 'Member screaming up at your moms from the window?
(LL Cool J is hard as Hell...)
The ice cream truck, remember all the mother--
'Member the Italian Ices, yo? Yo, remember the Italian Ices?!
The Spanish Niggas comin' down with the coconut ices and shit?
I came through the door, said it before
That was the shit!

Fuck the World by 2Pac
[Verse 1: 2Pac]
(Haha, what you say?)
Who you callin' rapist?
Ain't that a bitch
You devils are so two faced
Wanna see me locked in chains, dropped in shame
And getting stalked by these crooked cops again
Fucking with the young Black male, tryin' to stack bail
And um, stay away from the packed jails
I told the judge I'm in danger
And that's why I had that four-five with one in the chamber
Fuck the world!
[Hook: 2Pac and Shock G]
They tryna say that I don't care
I woke up screaming "Fuck the world!"
They tryna say that I don't care
Just woke up and screamed "Fuck the world!"
They tryna say that I don't care
Uhh, I woke up and screamed "Fuck the world!"
They're tryna say that I don't care
Just got up and screamed "Fuck the world!"
[Verse 2: 2Pac]
When I was comin' up rough that wasn't even what you called it
That's why I smoke blunts now and run with alcoholics
I'm gettin' threats to me, comin' from my enemies
And in their dreams it's hell where their sendin' me
Have I lost control or just another soul?
A car full of motherfuckers when we roll
Sippin' on yak as I sit back (Penis!)
Life as a big mack
Brothers come up and say "you did that?"
Never take your eyes off the prize and even if you gettin' high
Don't ever hesitate to try
Cause you can fall off or stay ballin', niggas we all in
And them my motherfuckers callin'
Fuck the world!
[Hook]
[Verse 3: 2Pac]
(Man, Fuck the world)
Damn, they wanna label me a menace
Cause I'm sittin' here sippin' on Guinness
Weighin' 165 and these tricks should die
For being jealous of a brother when he rise
I can see it in your eyes, you wanna see a young playa fallin'
They hate to see a nigga ballin'
Some of you suckers is rotten, plottin' on what I got
And then you wonder why I shot him (Booyeah)
Stop givin' game for free, you wanna hang with me
Like being a thug is the thang to be
But I got love for my homies, the G's and macks
And if you're black, you better stay strapped
Nigga, Fuck the world!
[Hook]
Haha, Fuck the world!
Fuck it
I hear my niggas screamin' "Fuck the world"
[Verse 4: 2Pac]
They wanna know if I claim the clique that I'm hangin' with
And if I'm down with this bangin' shit
Well homie I don't give a fuck if you Blood or Cuz
Long as you got love for thugs
But don't try to test me out, stall that
Homie this is Thug Life nigga and we all strapped
I been through hell and back and if I fail, black
Then it's back to the corner where we sell crack
Some of you niggas is bustas, you runnin' round
With these tramp-ass bitches, don't trust her
But don't cry, this world ain't prepared for us
A straight thug motherfucker who ain't scared to bust
Fuck the world!
[Hook: 2Pac, ?, and Shock G]
[Shock G]
What's going on y'all?
[?]
I don't care
I don't care

Death Around the Corner by 2Pac
Child: Why you by the window?, what's wrong daddy?
Mother: I know what's wrong with that crazy motherfucker
He just stand by the goddamn window
With that fuckin' AK all day
You don't work, you don't fuck, you don't
You don't do a goddamn thing
[2Pac]
I see death around the corner, gotta stay high while I survive
In the city where the skinny niggas die
If they bury me, bury me as a G nigga, no need to worry
I expect retaliation in a hurry
I see death around the - corner, any day
Tryin to keep it together, no one lives forever anyway
Strugglin and strivin, my destiny's to die
Keep my finger on the trigger, no mercy in my eyes
In a ball of confusion, I'm thinkin bout my daddy
Madder than a motherfucker, they never shoulda had me
I guess I seen too many murders, the doctors can't help me
Got me stressin with my pistol in my sheets, it ain't healthy
Am I paranoid? - Tell me the truth
I'm out the window with my AK, ready to shoot
Ran out of indo and my mind can't take the stress, I'm out of breath
Make me wanna kill my damn self; but I see death around the corner
[Hook]
("When we were kids, belonging felt good..")
I see death around the corner
("But having respect, that feels even better..")
I see death around the corner
("When we were kids, belonging felt good..")
I see death around the corner
("But having respect, that feels even better..")
[2Pac]
I see death around the corner, the pressure's gettin to me
I no longer trust my homies - them phonies tried to do me
Smoking too much weed, got me paranoid, stressed
Pack a gat and my vest, under my clothes when I dress
Here's hopin I die the way I lived, straight thuggin
Huggin my trigger for all them niggas that was buggin'
My homie told me once, don't you trust them other suckers
They front like they your homies but they phony motherfuckers
And even if I did die young, who'd care
All I ever got was mean mugs and cold stares
Got homies in my head that done passed away screamin, please
Young nigga, make G's
I can't give up, although I'm hopeless, I think my mind's gone
All I can do is get my grind on, death around the corner
[Hook]
[2Pac]
I was raised in the city, shitty
Ever since I was an itty bitty kitty
Drinkin liquor out my momma's titty
And smokin weed was an everyday thang in my household
And drinking liquor til' you out cold
And though I'm grown now, nigga it's still on - Pow!
Bustin on them niggas 'til they gone
How many more jealous ass bitches, comin for my riches
Now I gotta be suspicious when I bone
Cause if I ain't sharp and heartless, them bitches'll start shit
Excuse me, but this is where we part bitch
No more game for free, please explain to me
Why niggas trip bitch, who you came to see?
Murder me now but see me later man, that's on my pops
I got homies that will hunt you 'til you drop
I hope the Lord can forgive me, I was a G
And gettin high was a way of bein free; I see death around the corner
[Hook]
[2Pac]
This is for all the real motherfuckin niggas out there
I know you ain't scared to die; we all gotta go, y'know?
A real motherfucker will pick the time he goes
And make sure he handles his motherfuckin business
("You think you're gonna live long enough to spend that money
You fuckin hump?" -] dialogue from "King of New York")
Y'all niggas stop acting like pussies out there, all right
{​*movie samples*}​
"If any of you..
Are tired of gettin' ripped off by guys like that.." -] C. Walken
"I want his family dead! I want his house burnt to the ground!
I wanna go there in the middle of the night I wanna piss on his ashes!"
"I want his family dead! I want his house burnt to the ground!
I wanna go there in the middle of the night I wanna piss on his ashes!"
"I want that son of a bitch dead, I want him dead!
I want him dead, I don't care.."

Outlaw by 2Pac
[2Pac]
That's right nigga you gotta get your papers in this motherfucker
I ain't mad at ya at all (damn)
Aiyyo, what the fuck you wanna be when you grow up RahRah?
[RahRah] Nigga, is you stupid, I wanna be a motherfuckin' Outlaw
[2Pac] That's right nigga, hahaha.. housin' these hoes, you feel me?
[RahRah] Aight, know what I'm sayin'?
[2Pac] You got to do that shit, keepin' it real nigga or what?
[RahRah] Keepin' it real!
[2Pac] How old are you nigga?
[RahRah] I'm eleven
[2Pac]
Cause all I see is, murder murder, my mind state
Preoccupied with homicide, tryin' to survive through this crime rate
Dead bodies at block parties, those unlucky bastards
Gunfire now they require many closed caskets
Who can you blame? It's insane what we been through
Witnessin' evil that these men do, bitches sin too
In fact they be the reasons niggas get to bleedin'
Pull 'n' fuckin' fire when I leave 'em, you shoulda seen em
Hostile hoes catch elbows (beotch!) negroes disposed of
And snitches get dealt with, with no love
Body bags of adversaries that I had to bury
I broke the law and they jaw, all in the same flurry
But never worry, they'll remember me through history
'Causin' motherfuckers to bleed, they'll label me a
* Chorus *
Outlaw, Outlaw, Outlaw (They came in to sin)
Outlaw, Outlaw, Outlaw (Dear God, I wonder could you save me?)
[2Pac]
Before I close my eyes I fantasize I'm livin' well
When I awake and realize I'm just a prisoner in hell
Just as well, cause in my cell I'm keepin' pictures of these bastards
Exercisin', visualizin', everyone inside a casket
Picture me blasted, surrounded by niggas in masks
Sent with the task to harass and murder my ass
Will I last? Heaven or Hell? Freedom or jail?
Shit's hard, who can you tell? And if we fail?
High speeds, and Thai weed on the freeway
When will they learn to take it easy? Uh
Drive-bys and niggas die, murder without a motive
By makin' motherfuckers fry
Got me runnin' from these coward-ass crooked-ass cops
Helicopters tryna hover over niggas 'til we drop
Got no time for the courts, my only thought is open fire
Hit the district attorney, but fuck that bitch, cause she's a liar
Now it's time to expire, I see the judge, spray the bitch
"Motherfuckers is crooked," is what I scream, and hit the fence
I commence to get wicked, spittin' rounds as the plot thickens
Never missin', an early grave is my only mission
If I die, never worry, bury me beside my four-five
May God forgive me, I was high, label me a
* Chorus *
[Dramacydal]
[Kadafi]
Society lied to me, I ain't never gonna try to be
My mob'll be doin' robberies, and stickups on these wannabe's
I witnessed niggas lose they chest
For ordinary reasons niggas bodies put to rest
[Kastro]
So I just ... swallow my Beck's and holla, "Fuck em!"
And if I'm next ... just let a nigga step with somethin'
I ain't fearin' nuttin'
[EDI Amin(Kadafi)]
Young and thuggin', prepared for bustin' if that's my destiny
Ready for whatever, see you niggas can't get the best of me
(hold me down) Definitely no need for askin'
(now he mashin') Top speed (smokin' weed) laughin' (biotch!)
[Napoleon]
Cause when I bust em they gonna shiver, the killers cry
Soldiers got bodies floatin' in the river, what is they sayin'?
[Kadafi]
Talkin' 'bout prayin' -- they need to stop, that ain't gon' help
These niggas sprayin' up my block, tryin' to take my wealth
* Chorus 2X *
[2Pac]
Fuck the judge, I gotta grudge
Punk police, niggas run the streets
Hahah, it ain't nuttin' but muuuusic
Shit's changed
1995 the game has changed, motherfuckers is actin REAL strange
The rules is all rearranged
You got babies lyin' dead in the streets
These punk police is crooked as me
But all I see is motherfuckers actin less than G's
Stop bein' a playa-hater, be a innovator nigga
Fuck that shit, don't be no entertainer and a stranger
Be a real motherfucker keep it real pack that steel
Cause you know these streets is real ill
Muh'fuckers wanna see me in my casket
Jealous, motherfuckin' bastards
I never die, thug niggas multiply
Cause after me is Thug Life baby
Then the young thugs
Then the youngest thug of all, my nigga RahRah!

Ambitionz Az A Ridah by 2Pac
[Hook]
I won't deny it, I'm a straight ridah
You don't wanna fuck with me
Got the police bustin' at me
But they can't do nothing to a G
Let's get ready to rumble
[Intro]
Now you know how we do it like a G
What really go on in the mind of a nigga
That get down for theirs
Constantly, money over bitches
Not bitches over money
Stay on your grind, nigga
My ambitions as a ridah
My ambitions as a ridah
[Verse 1]
So many battlefield scars while driven in plush cars
This life as a rap star is nothing without guard
Was born rough and rugged, addressing the mass public
My attitude was "fuck it", cause motherfuckers love it
To be a soldier, must maintain composure at ease
Though life is complicated, only what you make it to be
Uh, and my ambitions as a ridah to catch her
While she hot and horny, go up inside her
Then I spit some game in her ear, "go to the telly, ho"
Equipped with money in a Benz, cause bitch I'm barely broke
I'm smoking bomb ass weed, feeling crucial
From player to player, the game's tight, the feeling's mutual
From hustling and prayers, to breaking motherfuckers to pay up
I got no time for these bitches, cause these hoes try to play us
I'm on a meal ticket mission, want a mill, so I'm wishing
Competition got me ripped, on that bullshit they stressing (booyah!)
I'mma rhyme though, clown hoes like it's mandatory
No guts no glory, my nigga, bitch got the game distorted
Now it's on and it's on because I said so
Can't trust a bitch in the business so I got with Death Row
Now these money hungry bitches getting suspicious
Started plotting and planning on schemes, to come and trick us
But thug niggas be on point and game tight
Me, Syke and Bogart, strapped up the same night
Got problems then handle it, motherfuckers see me
These niggas is jealous cause deep in they heart they wanna be me
Uh, yeah, and now ya got me right beside ya
Hoping you listen I catch you paying attention
To my ambitions as a ridah
[Hook]
[Verse 2]
Peep it, it was my only wish to rise
Above these jealous coward motherfuckers I despise
When it's time to ride, I was the first off this side, give me the nine
I'm ready to die right here tonight, and motherfuck they life (yeah nigga!)
That's what they screaming as they drill me, but I'm hard to kill (that's all you niggas got?)
So open fire, I see you kill me, witness my steel
Spitting at adversaries, envious and after me
I'd rather die before they capture me, watch me bleed
Mama come rescue me I'm suicidal, thinking thoughts
I'm innocent, so there'll be bullets flying when I'm caught
(Shoot!) Fuck doing jail time, better day, sacrificing
Won't get a chance to do me like they did my nigga Tyson
Thugging for life, and if you right, then nigga die for it
Let them other brothers try, at least you tried for it
When it's time to die, to be a man, you pick the way you leave
Fuck peace and the police, my ambitions as a ridah
[Hook]
[Verse 3]
My murderous lyrics equipped with spirits of the thugs before me
Pay off the block, evade the cops cause I know they coming for me
I been hesitant to reappear, been away for years
Now I'm back my adversaries been reduced to tears
Question my methods to switch up speeds, sure as some bitches bleed
Niggas'll feel the fire of my mother's corrupted seed
Blast me but they didn't finish, (buck buck buck buck buck)
Didn't diminish my powers
So now I'm back to be a motherfucking menace, they cowards
That's why they tried to set me up
Had bitch ass niggas on my team, so indeed, they wet me up
But I'm back reincarnated, incarcerated
At the time I contemplate the way that God made it
Lace em with lyrics that's legendary, musical mercenary
For money, I'll have these motherfuckers buried (I been)
Getting much mail in jail, niggas telling me to kill it
Knowing when I get out, they gon' feel it
Witness the realest, a hoo-ridah when I put the shit inside
The cry from all your people when they find her
Just remind ya, my history'll prove authentic
Revenge on them niggas that played me
And all the cowards that was down with it
Now it's yo nigga right beside ya
Hoping you listening, catch you paying attention
To my ambitions as a ridah

All About U by 2Pac
[Intro]
[2Pac] Ahh yeah!
[Down] Yeauhh!
[2Pac] It's all about you, one time!
[Down] I'mma say it's all about you baby, yeah!
[2Pac] Haha, for the bitches that think it's all about you - it's all about you!
[Down] This Dru Down in the house, with my boy 'Pizznac, youknowhatimsayin'?
[2Pac] It's all about you
[Down] Yeah I'm gon' say it's all about you, but you know I'm lyin' though, hah! Yeauhh
[Verse 1: 2Pac]
You probably crooked as the last trick
Want to laugh about how I got my ass caught up with this bad bitch
Thinkin' I had her but she had me in the long run
It's just my luck, I'm stuck with fuckin' with the wrong one
Wise decisions, based on lies we livin'
Scandalous times, this game's like my religion
You could be rollin' with a thug
Instead you with this weak scrub, lookin' for some love
In every club
I see you starin' like you want it
Well baby, if you got it, better flaunt it
Let the liquor help you get up on it
I'm still tipsy from last night
Bumpin' these walls as I pause
Addicted to the fast life
I try to holla, but you tell me you taken
Sayin' you ain't impressed, with the money I'm makin'
Guess it's true what they tellin' me
Fresh out of jail, life's hell for a black celebrity
So that's the reason why I call, and maybe you with it
Fantasies of us sweatin', can I hit it?
Addicted to the things you do, but still true, what I'm sayin', boo
Is this is all about you
[Hook: Nate Dogg] (x2)
Every other city we go, every other vi-de-o
No matter where I go, I see the same ho
[Verse 2: 2Pac]
I make a promise if you go with me
Just let me know, I'll have you hollerin' my name out before I leave
Nobody loves me, I'm a thug nigga
I only hung out with the criminals and drug dealers
I love niggas cause we comin' from the same place
Witness me holla at a hoochie, see how quick the game takes
How can I tell her I'm a playa, and I don't even care
Creep low, weed smoke's in the air
Everywhere I go, it's all about the groupie hoes
Waitin' for niggas at the end of every show
I just seen you in my friend's video
Could never put a bitch before my friends, so here we go
Follow the leader and peep the drama that I'm goin' through
It's all about you, yeah nigga
[Hook] (x2)
[Verse 3]
[Hussein Fatal]
Is you sick from the dick, or is it the flu?
It ain't about you or your bitch ass crew
Every other city we go and every video
Explain to a nigga why I see the same shitty ho
You think it's all about you? Well boo, I gets down like Dru
And my nasty new niggas, too
[Yaki Kadafi]
You couldn't hold me back, it'd take a fatter track
A lyrical attack, perhaps, it was a visual bluff
When I started to snaps all your rode 'em swoll
Straight in control, flows'll fold, while hoes cold stroll
Hold the set, I told Dramacy' go in next
Gold digging, cold digging a gold Rolex
[Hussein Fatal]
I slide in easily, try a grizzly
Sluts know the cuts, I came to fuck, try skeezin' me
Runnin' up in ya just like Bruce Jenner when I bend ya
At the most, I fucked a bitch from the west coast to West Virginia
[Hook] (x4)
[Outro: Snoop Doggy Dogg]
I'm tellin' ya, it's the same ol' shit
I mean ... god damn, youknowhatimsayin'?
I'm sittin' back, watchin' Montell Jordan video
I see the same bitch, who was in my homeboy Nate Dogg video
Then I flip the channel
I'm checkin' out my homeboy 2Pac video
I see the same bitch that was in my video, yaknahmsayin'?
And then, yaknahmsayin', what make that even mo' fucked up
I'm watchin' a Million Man March
And I see the same bitch, on the Million Man March
That was in the homeboy Warren G video
I mean - damn - everywhere I look, everywhere I go
I see the same ho
Don't get mad, I'm only bein' real
Yeah

Skandalouz by 2Pac
[Intro: 2Pac]
Hey Nate, you know you got the vocals on this motherfucker
We's gonna talk about these scandalous hoes
[Nate]
I can talk about scandalous bitches
[2Pac]
Oh I know you can!
I know you that's why we gonna do it
Daz on the beat
Hey Daz, nigga stop fuckin around with the piano nigga
Just drop that shit like uhh, this here
[Verse 1: 2Pac]
I met you through my homie now you act like you don't know me
So disappointed cause baby that shit was so phony
It's not for me, you see no lovin from my closest homies
Woulda paid you no mind, but baby you was all up on me
While you proceed with precision, you had the table hosed
No, I ain't mad at you baby, go 'head and play them fools
They chose not to listen, so now he stuck inside his house
And can't leave without his bitch permission
The mission's to be a playa, my alias is Boss
Drop a top on these jealous niggas, playa let me floss
Y'all don't wanna see me in pain
I'll leave that ass like Toni Braxton, never breathin' again
It's scandalous, I never liked your back stabbin ass, triiick
Used to watch you money grabbin, who you baggin beeyitch?
Ready to bust, in the city you don't know who to trust
But bitches lookin scandalous
[Hook: Nate Dogg]
Scandalous.. she's so scandalous, she's so scandalous
She's so scandalous.. she's so scandalous, she's so scandalous
Scandalous.. she's so scandalous, she's so scandalous
She's so scandalous.. she's so scandalous, she's so scandalous
[Verse 2: 2Pac]
How's it hangin'? Cause baby from the back the shit is bangin'
I've been stressing in this ghetto game, trying to do my thang
Won't be no bullshit, no ass-kissin
This bitch'll have ya wakin up with all your cash missin
I'm askin, as if I'm qualified to analyze
You're lookin at a bitch who specialize in tellin lies
She got a body make a motherfucker fantasize
Her face ain't never shed a tear through them scandalous eyes
My sister precious in poverty
Plus I knew she was a freak bitch so why should it bother me?
I'd probably be sprung, addicted to the heat of her tongue
And though I don't where we're goin, she's makin me come
I've been trained as a boss playa, so what you saying?
Let me show you, got some hookers we can toss later
Before I let her get me, I got her
Went in her purse took a hundred dollars
Nigga I'm so scandalous
[Hook]
[Verse 3: 2Pac]
Dangerous and ambitious, while schemin on gettin riches
I'm spittin at tricks cause I'm addicted to pretty bitches
Currency motivated, not easily terminated
Now that we made it, my niggas can never be faded
This is my prophecy -- I gotta be paid
All you cowards that try to stop me is beggin for early graves
I thought we was cool, I was a fool, thinkin you could be true
When I don't fuck with your punk crew
These are the tales for my niggas doin time in the cell
I went from hell, to livin well
Busting at niggas who said my name in vain
I got no time for them tricks, I'm heavy in the game
I wanna be a baller, please
But the bitches and the liquor keep on calling me
I'm tokin' free on the highway, formulatin plans
Can't wait til I see L.A., cause it's so scandalous
[Hook]
[Outro: 2Pac]
Aiyyo.. how the prettiest bitch be the more scandalous the ho be
You ever peep that shit? (Nah)
A bitch can be like 15, fucking with a nigga 35
Gettin him for everything
Hoes these days is way too motherfucking intelligent
When these niggas get to tricking, hahaha, it's over then
That's aight though
Keep a nigga heavy in the game, bout so long
Watch them hoes
All you niggas out there
Beware these lying ass scandalous bitches

Got My Mind Made Up
[Verse 1: Daz Dillinger]
You find an MC like me who's strong
Leaving motherfuckers aborted with no verbal support
And when I command the microphone I get deadly as Khan though
With a bear and a snake and a panda, I'm all those
Who can withstand the more power I gain
And make it possible for me to drop a few to wreck your brain
Imagine and keep on wishing upon a star
Finally realizing who the fuck we are
When I penetrate, it's been withstanding, faded
Would it be the greatest MC of all time when I created rhyme
For the simple fact, when I attack, I crush your pride
My intention to ride, every time on lye
I'm faced with the scars beyond this one bar
For me to put down my guard, I'm faced what I'ma ride
Breaking in gas with the '68 all day
In-and-out with my pay, I'm soon to count the bodies
[Verse 2: 2Pac]
So mandatory my elevation, my lyrics like orientation
So you can be more familiar with the nigga you facing
We must be patient, nothing better than communication
Known to damage and highly flammable like gas stations
Sorry I left that ass waiting
No more procrastination, give up to fate and get that ass shaking
I'm busting and making motherfuckers panic
Don't take your life for granted
Put that ass in the dirt, you swear the bitch was planted
My lyrics motivate the planet
It's similar to Rhythm Nation, but thugged out, forgive me, Janet
Who's in control, I'm activating your souls
You know the way the games get controlled
Yo, two years ago, a friend of mine
Told me Alize and Cristal blows your mind
Bear witness to the dopest fucking rhyme I wrote
Taking off my coat, clearing my throat
[Hook: Method Man]
I got my mind made up, come on
Get in, get into
Let it ride, tonight's the night
I got my mind made up, come on
Get into, get into
Let it ride, tonight's the night
[Verse 3: Kurupt]
Well I comes through with two packs of the bomb prophylacts
For protection so my fucking sac won't collapse
Cause nowadays, shit's evading the X-rays
Sending young motherfuckers to an early grave
I wonder if my terrifying tactics of torturing MC's
Shows my heart's as cold as the tundra
Electrifying like thunder, I'm just too much
Rough and raw with that motherfucking poisonous touch
I'm an MC with lyrics that's the fuckin' Bombay
You got ten steps before instant death like Bai Mei
My rhymes'll leave a mark on your mind
As the deadly virus spread through your head like Sand Palm
There's no escape, nah, I ain't blastin'
I use my mental to assassinate assassin's for those askin''
Opposed to laughin', raw maniacal villain
Laughter enhances the chances of the killin'
Why is that? Cause smiling faces deceive
You best believe: to MC's, I'm the deadliest disease
My thoughts rip your throat and make it hard to breathe
Your whole camp's under siege and I'm Jason Voorhees
In the heat of the night is when I defeat and ignite mics
My verbal snipe your vocabs on site
I'm out the cut, uncut and raw with no clause for all
So all my rhymes hit and split the bricks on the wall
You already have an idea about the superior sphere
The greater rhyme creator on both sides of the Equator
I rock from here to there, to Philly and back
To LA on the spot where I rock and bust like straps
As your views get overshadowed when you come in contact
Beware, set and prepare to enter verbal combat
[Verse 4: Method Man]
Fuck you losers, while you fake jacks, I makes manoeuvres
Like Hitler, sticking up Jews with German Lugers
The Mr. Meth-Tical from Staten Isle
Will be back after this message, don't touch the dial
Rarely do you see an MC out for justice
Got my gun powder and my musket, blaow
Melons get swellings, I paint mental pictures like Magellan
Half of my Clan's repeat felons
Niggas best protect they joints for nine-nickel
Man, I stay on point like icicles
Now who wanna test Tical, then touch Tical
All up in your motherfucking mouth
Headbanger boogie, catch me on tour with Al Doogie
Method Man rolled too tight, you can't pull me
Better take one and pass or that's that ass
Your vital statistics are low and falling fast
Johnny Blaze out to get loot like Johnny Cash
Play a game of Russian Roulette and have a blast
[Verse 5: Redman]
Lyrical gats spitting the criminal tactics
Non-believers get my dick and genitals backwards
Let's face it, there's no replacement
Taste this mad underground basement shit I'm laced with
Avalanche on your whole camp when I'm spliffted
Funk Doctor who, Spock, bitch, don't get it twisted
I got connects like Federal Express
To get the fresh package of bless the dogs can't fetch
Got the clear spot from the rear block
To bust 'till every nigga here drop, men I fear not
Hold your nose and blow out 'till your ears pop
Since your crew suit you to shift, now you claim that your gears locked
Whiff this underground cannabis
I'm dangerous like John the Bomb Analyst
Flip MC's like ki's
My degrees freeze consecutively like EPMD LP's
Lick off a shot and hit your fam by mistake
So I erase the whole front row at the wake
I planned my escape in case Jake wann' snake bust it
I'm the one pushing the hearse in the first place
Confidence for you shaky-ass folks
Pump for Rockefeller for the day he got smoked
Choke off this antidote, got you ope
Get roast by my lyrical Billy Dee .45 Colt
And I'm out for 9-nickel
*in the background*
[INS the rebel]

How Do U Want It by 2Pac
[Hook: KC and JoJo (x2)]
How do you want it?
How does it feel?
Coming up as a nigga in the cash game
Living in the fast lane
I'm for real
[Verse 1: 2Pac]
Love the way you activate your hips and push your ass out
Got a nigga wanting it so bad, I'm about to pass out
Wanna dig you, and I can't even lie about it
Baby just alleviate your clothes, time to fly up out it
Catch you at a club, oh shit you got me feening
Body talking shit to me but I can't comprehend the meaning
Now, if you wanna roll with me, then here's your chance
Doin' eighty on the freeway, police catch me if you can
Forgive me I'm a rider, still I'm just a simple man
All I want is money, fuck the fame I'm a simple man
Mr. International, player with the passport
Just like Aladdin bitch, get you anything you ask for
It's either him or me - Champagne, Hennessy
A favorite of my homies when we floss on our enemies
Witness as we creep to a low speed, peep what a ho need
Puff some mo' weed, funk, ya don't need
Approaching hoochies with a passion, been a long day
But I've been driven by attraction in a strong way
Your body is banging baby I love it when you flaunt it
Time to give it to daddy, nigga, now tell me how you want it
[Hook]
[Verse 2]
Tell me is it cool to fuck?
Did you think I come to talk?
Am I a fool or what?
Positions on the floor
It's like erotic
Ironic, cause I'm somewhat psychotic
I'm hitting switches on bitches like I been fixed with hydraulics
Up and down like a roller coaster
I'm up inside ya, I ain't quitting til the show is over
Cause I'm a rider, in and out just like a robbery, I'll probably be a freak and let you get on top of me
Get her rocking these
Nights full of Alize
A living legend you ain't heard about
These niggas play these Cali days
C. Delores Tucker, you's a motherfucker
Instead of trying to help a nigga you destroy a brother
Worse than the others; Bill Clinton, Mr. Bob Dole
You're too old to understand the way the game's told
You're lame so I gotta hit you with the hot facts
Once I'm released, I'm making millions, nigga, top that
They wanna censor me; they'd rather see me in a cell
Living in hell - only a few of us'll live to tell
Now everybody talking about us I could give a fuck
I'd be the first one to bomb and cuss
Nigga, tell me how you want it
[Hook]
[Verse 3]
Raised as a youth
Tell the truth, I got the scoop
On how to get a bulletproof
Cause I jumped from the roof
'fore I was a teenager, mobile phone, Skypager
Game rules, I'm livin' major - my adversaries
Is lookin' worried, they paranoid of gettin' buried
One of us gonna see the cemetery
My only hope to survive if I wish to stay alive
Gettin' high, see the demons in my eyes, before I die
I wanna live my life and ball, make a couple million
And then I'm chillin' fade 'em all
These taxes got me crossed up and people tryin' to sue me
Media is in my business and they actin' like they know me
But I'mma mash out and peel out
I’m with a clique that’s quick to whip that fuckin' steel out
Yeah nigga, it's some new shit so better get up on it
When you see me, tell a nigga how you want it
How do you want it?
[Hook]
Me and my Nigga Johnny J...yeah we out

2 of Amerikaz Most Wanted by 2Pac
[Intro: 2Pac](Snoop)
Ain't nothin' but a gangsta party
Ahh shit, you done fucked up now
You done put two of America's most wanted in the same
Motherfuckin' place at the same motherfuckin' time
Y'all niggas about to feel this
Break out the champagne glasses and the motherfuckin' condoms
Have one on us aight
(A Toast to the gangsters)
[Verse 1]
[2Pac]
Picture perfect, I paint a perfect picture
Bomb the hoochies with precision, my intention's to get richer
With the S-N double-O-P, Dogg my fuckin' homie
You'se a cold-ass nigga on them hogs
[Snoop]
Sho' 'nuff
I keep my hand on my gun, cause they got me on the run
Now I'm back in the courtroom waitin' on the outcome
Free 2Pac is all that's on a nigga's mind
But at the same time it seems, they tryin' to take mine
So I'mma get smart and get defensive and shit
And put together a Million March for some gangsta shit
[2Pac]
So now they got us laced
Two multimillionare motherfuckers catchin' cases
Bitches get ready for the throw down, the shit's about to go down
Me and Snoop about to clown
I'm losin' my religion
I'm vicious on these stool pigeons
You might be deep in this game, but you got the rules missing
Niggas be actin' like they savage, they out to get the cabbage
I've got nothin' but love for my niggas living lavish
[Snoop]
I've got a pit named Petey, she Nigerina
I've got a house out in the hills right next to Chino
And ... I think I've got a black Bimmer
But my dream's to own a fly casino
Like Bugsy Siegel, and do it all legal
And get scooped up by the little homie in the Regal
It feels good to you baby-bubba
You see, this is for the G's and the keys, motherfucker
[2Pac]
Now follow as we ride
Motherfuck the rest, two of the best from the westside
And I can make you famous
Niggas been dyin' for years so how could they blame us
I live in fear of a felony
I never stop bailin' these
Motherfuckin' G's
If you got it better flaunt it
Another warrant for 2 of America's most wanted
[Hook several times w/ minor variations]
Ain't nothin' but a gangsta party
It ain't nothin' but a motherfucking gangsta party
[Verse 2]
[2Pac]
Now give me fifty feet
Defeat is not my destiny, release me to the streets
And keep whatever's left of me
Jealousy is misery, suffering is grief
Better be prepared when you cowards fuck with me, I bust and flee
"These niggas must be crazy, what?"
There ain't no mercy, motherfuckers who can't fade the thugs
You thought it was but it wasn't, now disappear
Bow down in the presence of a boss player
[Snoop]
It's like Cuz/Blood gang-bangin'
Everybody in the party doin' dope-slangin'
You gotta have papers in this world
You might get your first snatch before your eyes swirl
You doin' your job every day
And then you work so hard 'til your hair turns gray
Let me tell you about life and about the way it is
You see, we live by the gun, so we die by the guns, kids
[2Pac]
They tell me not to roll with my Glock
So now I gotta throw away
Floating in the black Benz, trying to do a show a day
They wonder how I live with five shots
Niggas is hard to kill on my block
Schemes for currency and dough-related
Affiliated with the hustlers, so we made it
No answers to questions, I'm trying to get up on it
My nigga Dogg with me, eternally the most wanted
[Hook]

No More Pain by 2Pac
[Intro: 2Pac]
Hey DeVante
Nigga, don'tcha know we're gonna sow up every bitch in the country
Me and you, up in the same motherfuckin room
On the same level
This shit here, hahahaha
Please, no more pain
That's right nigga
Hey drop that shit boy
[Verse 1: 2Pac]
My adversaries cry like hoes fully eradicate my foes
My lyrics explode on contact, gamin you hoes
Who else but Mama's only son, fuck the phony niggas I'm the one
Say my name, watch bitches come, now fire
When ready, stay watchin our figure, increase speed
Make you motherfuckers bleed from your mouth quicker
Plus all these niggas that you run with, be on some dumb shit
Trickin on hoes, I ain't the one bitch
Holla my name and witness game official, it's so sick
Have every single bitch that came witchu, on my dick
Plus this alcohol increases the chance to be deceased
I'm movin you stupid bitches, vicious telekenesis
Am I reachin your brain? Nigga how can I explain?
How vicious this Thug motherfucker came
When I die, I want to be a living legend, say my name
Affiliated with this motherfuckin game, with no more pain
[Hook: (interpretation of Method Man's "Bring the Pain")]
I came to bring the pain, hardcore to the brain
Let's go inside my astral plane (no more pain) [variations]
(Repeat 4X)
[Verse 2: 2Pac]
Line up my adversaries, blast on sight, and fuck your boyfriend
Bitch, I want some ass tonight, you know my steelo
Alize and Cristal, weed sure you heard of all the
Freaky shit they say about me, huh
Plus all you busters is jealous, pull your gun out and blast
I dare you niggas to open fire, I'll murder that ass
And disappear before the cops come runnin, my Glock's spittin rounds
Niggas fallin down clutchin they stomach
It's Westside, Death Row, Thug niggas on the rise
Busters shot me five times, real niggas don't die
Can ya hear me? Laced with this game, I know you fear me
Spit the secret to war, so cowards fear me
My only fear of death is reincarnation
Heart of a solider with a brain to teach your whole nation
And feelin no more pain
[Hook 4X]
[Verse 3: 2Pac]
Bury me that's what they all say, it's time to make a killin
Sure to make a million with DeVante
Bitch I know you want me, what your mouth say? Now, watch your eyes
You don't wanna get with me, that's a lie
I got my hands on your hips, no time to bullshit
Freaky bitch, come give me kiss
Tell them niggas from other areas, brothers from here
So obsessed with this money makin it ain't nothin we fear
Now they label me a troublemaker, cause I'm a ridah
Death to you playa haters, don't let me find ya
Mama made me rugged, Baptize the public
Now you all thugs, nigga don't you love it
It's similar to multiple gunshots, retaliation is a must
Wasn't too sure what you facin so watch the guns bust
You niggas'll bleed, fuckin with me you'll be deceased
Never restin in peace nigga, with no more pain
[Hook 8X]
[2Pac talking over the Hook]
Hahahahaha, yeah nigga, yeah! Hahahaha
No more pain
It's just like that nigga, like that yeah
No more pain
Motherfuckers can't handle that shit
Much too much for these bitches
No more pain
Feel me nigga? Feel me?
How you figure you can fuck with me?
Fully automatic type shit
No more pain
Coward ass niggas, cowards
Come put your mouth on this pistol nigga
Come put your mouth on the pistol, no more pain
Close your eyes nigga, do it
Die in the dark, no more pain
Death Row, so what you motherfuckers do?
Hey that's DeVante droppin that beat like that BEYATCH
In case you wonderin
And jealous niggas, hahaha, see y'all niggas
Motherfuckin niggas are shit
Hey
[Hook being whispered in the background:]
Westsiiiiiide! Death to everybody that ain't down with me
That's on, feel me? Hahaha
Oh yeah, to the cowards, you know who you are, it's still Bad Boy Killa
Just feel that, Thug Life, shit don't stop
Fat motherfuckers got Downs Syndrome, motherfuckers
Weak ass niggas, dancers turned fuckin C.E..O.'s
Put your mouth on this pistol nigga
Put your mouth on the pistol!
Hahahaha, yeah nigga no more pain
Prison ain't changed me nigga, it made me worse
Feel me nigga, haha
No more pain
Hey DeVante I'm givin these motherfuckers choices
Niggas can roll with us, or they can be rolled up under us
That's on you nigga, what you wanna do?
Last year we was lettin these niggas kick up dust
This year you motherfuckers gonna be dust
Thug Life nigga Westsiiide!

Heartz of Men by 2Pac
[Intro]
Hey Suge, what I tell you, nigga
When I come out of jail, what was I gonna do
I was gonna start diggin' into these niggas' chest, right
Watch this
Hey Quik, let me get them binoculars, nigga, the binoculars
Hahahaha, yeah nigga, time to ride
Grab your bulletproof vest nigga
Cause it's gonna be a long one
Now me and Quik gonna show you niggas what it's like on this side - the real side
Now, on this ride there's gonna be some real motherfuckers
And there's gonna be some pussies
Now the real niggas gonna be the ones with money and bitches
The pussies are gonna be the niggas on the floor bleedin'
Now everybody keep your eyes on the prize cause the ride get tricky
See, you got some niggas on your side that say they're your friends, but in real life they your enemies
And then you got some motherfuckers that say they your enemies
But in real life they eyes is on your money
See, the enemies will say they true
But in real life those niggas will be the snitches
It's a dirty game, y'all
Y'all gotta be careful about who you fuck with and who you don't fuck with
Cause the shit get wild, y'all
Keep your mind on your riches, baby
Keep your mind on your riches
[Verse 1]
9-1-1! It's an emergency, cowards tried to murder me
From hood to the 'burbs, everyone of you niggas heard of me
Shit, I'm legendary niggas scary and paralyzed
Nothing more I despise than a liar
Cowards die
My mama told me when I was a seed
Just a vicious motherfucker while these devils left me free
I proceed to make them shiver
When I deliver
Criminal lyrics
From a world wide mob figure
Thug niggas from everywhere Mr. Makaveli
Niggas is waiting for some thug shit, thats what they tell me
So many rumors but I'm infinite Immortal Outlaw
Switching up on you ordinary bitches
Like a southpaw you get left
And every breath I breathe until the moment I'm deceased
Will be another moment ballin' as a 'G'
I rip the crowd, then I start again
Eternally I live in sin
Untill the moment that they let me breathe again
The heartz of men
[Chorus]
The hearts of men
[Verse 2]
My lyrical verse was so much pain, to some niggas it hurts
My guns bust and, if you ain't one of us, it gets worse
Bitch niggas get their eyes swoll
In fly mode
I'm a homicidal outlaw
And 5-0, get your lights on, the fight's on
Tonight's gonna be a fucking fight
So we might roll
My own homies say I'm heartless
But I'm a G to this til the day I'm gone, that's regardless
Ride by, niggas bow down
Thought I'd rot in jail, paid bail, well, nigga's out now
Throw up your hands if you thugged out
First nigga act up
First nigga getting drugged out
I can be a villian if ya let me
But motherfucker if ya do upset me
Tell the cops to come and get me
Rip the crowd like a phone number
Then start again, don't have no mutherfuckin' friends, nigga
Look inside the hearts of men
[Chorus]
In the hearts of men
[Verse 3]
To all my niggas engaged in making money in the fifty states
Keep your mind on your chips and fuck a punk bitch
No longer living in fear, my pistol close in hand
Convinced this is my year, like I'm the chosen man
Give me my money and label me as a don
If niggas is having problems
Smoke 'em, fire and bomb
I died and came back
I hustle with these lyrics as if it's a game of crack
Thugging is in my spirit
I'm lost and not knowing
Scar'd up, but still flowing
Energized and still going
Uhh, can it be fate
That makes a sick motherfucker break
On these jealous ass coward cause they evil and fake
What will it take?
Give me that bass line, I'm feeling bomb
Death Row, baby, don't be alarmed
The homie Quik gave a nigga a beat and let me start again
Represent
Cause I've been sent
The hearts of men

Life Goes On by 2Pac
[Hook: 2Pac]
How many brothers fell victim to the streets
Rest in peace young nigga, there's a Heaven for a G
Be a lie, If I told ya that I never thought of death
My niggas, we the last ones left
But life goes on!
[Verse 1: 2Pac]
As I bail through the empty halls
Breath stinkin' in my jaws
Ring, ring, ring, quiet y'all, incoming call
Plus this my homie from high school, he's getting by
It's time to bury another brotha nobody cry
Life as a baller, alcohol and booty calls
We used to do them as adolescents, do you recall?
Raised as G's, loc'ed out and blazed the weed
Get on the roof, let's get smoked out and blaze with me
2 in the morning and we still high assed out
Screamin' "thug till I die" before I passed out
But now that you're gone, I'm in the zone
Thinkin' 'I don't wanna die all alone'
But now ya gone
And all I got left are stinkin' memories
I love them niggas to death, I'm drinkin' Hennessy
While tryin' ta make it last
I drank a fifth for that ass when you passed
Cause life goes on
[Hook: 2Pac]
[Verse 2: 2Pac]
Yeah nigga I got the word is hell
Ya blew trial and the judge gave you 25 with an L
Time to prepare to do fed time, won't see parole
Imagine life as a convict that's gettin' old
Plus with the drama we're lookin out for your baby's mama
Taken risks, while keepin' cheap tricks from gettin on her
Life in the hood is all good for nobody
Remember gamin' on dumb hotties at yo' parties
Me and you, no truer two
While scheming on hits and getting tricks that maybe we can slide into
But now you buried
Rest nigga cause I ain't worried
Eyes blurry sayin' goodbye at the cemetery
Tho' memories fade
I got your name tatted on my arm so we both ball till' my dying days
Before I say goodbye
Kato and Mental rest in peace
Thug till I die
[Hook: 2Pac]
[Verse 3: 2Pac]
Bury me smilin', with G's in my pocket
Have a party at my funeral, let every rapper rock it
Let the hoes that I used to know
From way before kiss me from my head to my toe
Give me a paper and a pen so I can write about my life of sin
A couple bottles of gin in case I don't get in
Tell all my people I'm a Ridah
Nobody cries when we die, we outlaws, let me ride
Until I get free, I live my life in the fast lane, got police chasing me
To my niggas from old blocks from old crews
Niggas that guided me through back in the old school
Pour out some liquor have a toast for the homies
See we both gotta die but ya chose to go before me
And brothas miss ya while your gone
You left your nigga on his own
How long we mourn
Life goes on
Chorus *repeats to end*
(sung over repeating chorus)
Life goes on homie
Gone on, cause they passed away
Niggas doin' life, niggas doin' 50 and 60 years and shit
I feel ya nigga, trust me, I feel ya
You know what I mean
Last year we poured out liquor for ya
This year nigga, life goes on
We're gonna clock now
Get money, evade bitches, evade tricks
Give playa haters plenty of space, and basically just represent for you baby
Next time you see your niggas, your gonna be on top nigga
They're gonna be like
"Goddamn, them niggas came up"
That's right baby, life goes on
And we up out this bitch
Hey Kato, Mental, y'all niggas make sure it's poppin' when we get up there
Don't front

Only God Can Judge Me by 2Pac
[Intro: 2Pac]
Only God can judge me, that right?
Only God can judge me now
Only God baby, nobody else, nobody else
All you other motherfuckers get out my business, really
Only God can judge me now
[Verse 1: 2Pac]
Perhaps I was blind to the facts, stabbed in the back
I couldn't trust my own homies just a bunch of dirty rats
Will I, succeed, paranoid from the weed
And hocus pocus I try to focus but I can't see
And in my mind I'm a blind man doin' time
Look to my future cause my past, is all behind me
Is it a crime, to fight, for what is mine?
Everybody's dyin' tell me what's the use of tryin'
I've been trapped since birth, cautious, cause I'm cursed
And fantasies of my family, in a hearse
And they say it's the white man I should fear
But, it's my own kind doin' all the killin' here
I can't lie, ain't no love for the other side
Jealousy inside, make 'em wish I died
Oh my Lord, tell me what I'm livin' for
Everybody's droppin' got me knockin' on heaven's door
And all my memories, of seein' brothers bleed
And everybody grieves, but still nobody sees
Recollect your thoughts don't get caught up in the mix
Cause the media is full of dirty tricks
Only God can judge me
[Hook: 2Pac]
Only God can judge me, only God
Only God can judge me
Only God can judge me, only God
Only God can judge me now
Only God can judge me, only God
Only God can judge me
Only God can judge me, only God
Only God can judge me now
[Flatline]
[Verse 2: 2Pac]
Flatline!
I hear the doctor standing over me
Screaming I can make it
Got a body full of bullet holes laying here naked
Still I can't breathe, something's evil in my IV
Cause everytime I breathe, I think they killing me
I'm having nightmares, homicidal fantasies
I wake up stranglin', tangled in my bed sheets
I call the nurse cause it hurts, to reminisce
How did it come to this? I wish they didn't miss
Somebody help me, tell me where to go from here
Cause even thugs cry, but do the Lord care?
Try to remember, but it hurts
I'm walking through the cemetery talking to the dirt
I'd rather die like a man than live like a coward
There's a ghetto up in Heaven and it's ours
Black Power, is what we scream as we dream in a paranoid state
And our fate, is a lifetime of hate
Dear Mama can you save me? And fuck peace
Cause the streets got our babies, we gotta eat
No more hesitation each and every black male's trapped
And they wonder why we suicidal runnin' round strapped
Mister police, please try to see that there's
A million motherfuckers stressing just like me
Only God can judge me
[Hook]
Only God can judge me, only God
Only God can judge me now
Only God can judge me, only God
Only God can judge me
Only God can judge me, only God
Only God can judge me now
[Interlude: 2Pac]
That which does not kill me can only make me stronger
That's for real
And I don't see why everybody feel as though
That they gotta tell me how to live my life
You know?
Let me live baby, let me live
[Verse 3: Rappin' 4-Tay]
Pac I feel ya, keep servin' it on the reala
For instance say a playa hatin' mark is out to kill ya
Would you be wrong, for buckin' a nigga to the pavement?
He gon' get me first, if I don't get him fool start prayin'
Ain't no such thing as self-defense in the court of law
So judge us when we get to where we're goin wearin' a cross, that's real
Got him, lurked him, crept the fuck up on him
Sold a half a million tapes now everybody want him
After talkin' behind my back like a bitch would
Tellin' them niggas, "You can fade him," punk I wish you would
It be them same motherfuckers in your face that'll rush up in your place
To get your safe, knowin' you on that paper chase
Grass, glass, big screen and leather couch
My new shit is so fetti already sold a ki or ounce
Bitch, remember 2Pac and 4-Tay
Them same two brothers dodgin' bullets representin' the Bay
Pac when you was locked down, that's when I'll be around
Start climbing up the charts, so sick, but they tried to clown
That's why they ride the bandwagon still be draggin' sellin' lies
Don't think I don't see you haters, I know y'all in disguise
[2Pac]
Guess you figure you know me cause I'm a thug
That love to hit the late night club drink and buzzed
Been living lavish like a player all day
Now I'm bout to floss em off, player shit with 4-Tay
Only God can judge me
[Hook]
Only God can judge me, only God
Only God can judge me
Only God can judge me, only God
Only God can judge me now
Only God can judge me, only God
Only God can judge me
Only God can judge me, only God
Only God can judge me now
[Outro: 2Pac & Rappin 4-Tay]
Only God mane
That right?
That’s real
Hahahahahaha
Fuck everybody else, ya know what I’m sayin?
Man, look here man
My only fear of death is comin' back to this bitch reincarnated man
That’s for the homey mental
Hehehehe
We up out

Tradin War Stories by 2Pac
[2Pac]
A military mind, nigga
A military mind mean money
A criminal grind, nigga
A criminal grind mean hustle
You know
[Hook: 2Pac - repeat 2X]
We tradin war stories, we Outlawz on the rise
Jealous niggas I despise, look in my eyes
[2Pac]
Now can your mind picture, a thug nigga drinkin hard liquor
This ghetto life has got me catchin up to God quicker
Who would figure that all I need was a hair trigger
Semi-automatic MAC-11 just to scare niggas
Pardon my thug poetry, but suckers is born everyday
And feared men grow on trees
Criminal ties for centuries, a legend in my own rhymes
So niggas whisper when they mention
Machiavelli was my tutor Donald Goines, my father figure
Mama sent me to go play with the drug dealers
Henceforth, we thug niggas and we came in packs
Every one of niggas strapped sippin on ‘yak
In the back, my AR-15
Thuggin till I die, these streets got me cravin thorazine
My lyrics are blueprints to money makin'
Fat as that ass that honey shakin
[Hook] w/ Outlawz
[Kastro]
I bust a trey-trey, buggin an' shit
They call it overthuggin and shit
But I was just a younger nigga;
Gettin older and lovin this shit
But what was I doin in this place?
To the fakes without a pistol in the first
Facin termination in the worst
But I figured to play the wall; to watch all these
Playa hatin niggas position for I could see 'em all
Made it up out of there, lucky to be here to tell you
But it'll never be a repeat people I'm tryin to tell you
[Edi Amin]
Now picture the scenery, I'm thugged out smokin greenery
Considered a B.G., but I'm off in this game somethin D-P
My eyes only see deez, that's why I'm young and burnt out
Learned the know how, well how to do now, by 18 turned out
And why I do it - the ridin and smokin
Collidin with foes - in the worst place;
Y'all shouldn'ta fucked with us, in the first place
Y'all real O.G.'s, droppin game to the youngsters
Y'all don't want no funk cause
Y'all be the next in the long line of war stories
[Hook]
[C-Bo]
I breaks them off with this gangsta war story tale
Stacking loot up in the coupe that I protect with a Mack 12
Slap my clip in the chamber; fool, your life's in danger
No one will remain when I come through dumping insane
Call me Bo Loc Major Pain, gun-slang and moving 'caine
I be the nigga that's pulling the trigger and dumping the hot ones up in your brain
More bigger balls than RuPaul, Thug Life ain't a ball
We bust that ass up against the wall (up against the wall)
Never been no sign for men call
How we bucks them down on the way to the ground
Ain't nothing but the hog in me
Plus, stompin' steel toed, killin' up hoes and keep mobbin' G
It ain't no calling the funk off
Don't be funking with my sawed off
Bust they dirty-ass drawers off
And had them bitch niggas hauled off
[Hook]
[Napoleon]
My whole family been raised, on shit that ain't okay
Ain't nothing on this earth will make a nigga like me stay
I'm reminiscing, and catchin flashbacks when niggas ran up
In my house and I was too young, to try to blast back
What happend then? No one would tell me since I was three
Heard that God took my peoples, now they living somewhere free
But fuck that, you got what's mines and I want that
Never drop my guard, been on the squad, since ways back
And now I'm sitting, holding in anger because my parents missing
Thugging Immortal, got some war stories for you
[Storm]
Now look at me - straight Outlaw Immortal
Never gave a fuck cause I was nobody's daughter
Outlawing from my tits to my clits, don't try to figure
Cause the murderous tendencies of my mind can't be controlled, nigga
So who's the bigger, who's the quickest killer?
Would you try to trip with my finger on the 9 milla
When I got you on kay-nine-fourths
Prayin to God as your life goes back and forth
We tradin war stories
[Hook]
[2Pac talking]
War stories nigga; hahaha, what players do
Thug Life, Outlaw Immortalz
Motherfucking 2Pac a.k.a. Makaveli
Can you feel me?
Just so you know, it's on Death Row
My niggas love that shit
Dramacydal in this motherfucker, heheheh
Yea nigga! Shout out to my niggas Fatal and Felony
C-Bo, the bald head nut, what?
You know what time it is

California Love by 2Pac
[Hook: Roger Troutman]
California knows how to party
California knows how to party
In the city of L.A
In the city of good ol' Watts
In the city, the city of Compton
We keep it rockin'
[Verse 1: Dr. Dre]
Now let me welcome everybody to the wild, wild West
A state that's untouchable like Elliot Ness
The track hits your eardrum like a slug to your chest
Pack a vest for your Jimmy in the city of sex
We in that sunshine state where the bomb-ass hemp be
The state where you never find a dance floor empty
And pimps be on a mission for them greens
Lean mean money-making-machines serving fiends
I been in the game for 10 years making rap tunes
Ever since honeys was wearing Sassoons
Now it's '95 and they clock me and watch me
Diamonds shining, looking like I robbed Liberace
It's all good, from Diego to the Bay
Your city is the bomb if your city making pay
Throw up a finger if you feel the same way
Dre putting it down for Californ-i-aye
[Hook]
[Bridge: Roger Troutman]
Shake, shake it, baby
Shake, shake it
[Verse 2: 2Pac]
Out on bail, fresh out of jail, California dreaming
Soon as I step on the scene, I'm hearing hoochies screaming
Fiending for money and alcohol
The life of a Westside player where cowards die and the strong ball
Only in Cali where we riot not rally to live and die
In L.A. we wearing Chucks not Ballys (yeah, that's right)
Dressed in Locs and Khaki suits, and ride is what we do
Flossing, but have caution: we collide with other crews
Famous because we throw grands
Worldwide, let them recognize from Long Beach to Rosecrans
Bumping and grinding like a slow jam, it's Westside
So you know the Row won't bow down to no man
Say what you say, but give me that bomb beat from Dre
Let me serenade the streets of L.A
From Oakland to Sac-town, the Bay Area and back down
Cali is where they put their mack down
Give me love!
[Hook]
[Ad-Libs]
[Dr. Dre] South Central
[2Pac] Uh, that's right
[Dr. Dre] Now make it shake
[Bridge]
[Ad-Libs: Dr. Dre]
Shake it Cali
Uh, uh, West Coast
Uh, yeah, uh, uh, Long Beach in the house
Uh, yeah, Oaktown, Oakland definitely in the house
Frisco, Frisco
[2Pac]
And you know L.A. up in here
[Dr. Dre]
Pasadena where you at?
Yeah, Inglewood
Inglewood always up to no good
[2Pac]
Even Hollywood trying to get a piece, baby
[Dr. Dre]
Sacramento, Sacramento where you at?
[2Pac]
Throw it up ya'll, throw it up, throw it up!
I can't see ya
Let's show these fools how we do it over on this West Side

I Ain't Mad At Cha by 2Pac
[Intro]
Change, shit
I guess change is good for any of us
Whatever it take for any of y'all niggas to get up out the hood
Shit, I'm wit 'cha
I ain't mad at 'cha
Got nothin' but love for ya, do your thing, boy
Yeah, all the homies that I ain't talk to in a while
I'mma send this one out for y'all, knahmean?
Cause I ain't mad at 'cha
Heard y'all tearin' up shit out there, kickin' up dust
Givin' a motherfuck
Yeah, niggas
Cause I ain't mad at 'cha
[Verse 1: 2Pac]
Now we was once two niggas of the same kind
Quick to holla at a hoochie with the same line
You was just a little smaller but you still rolled
Got stretched to Y.A. and hit the hood swoll
'member when you had a Jheri Curl didn't quite learn
On the block, wit'cha Glock, trippin' off sherm
Collect calls to the crib, sayin' how you've changed
Oh you's a Muslim now? No more dope game
Heard you might be comin' home, just got bail
Wanna go to the Mosque, don't wanna chase tail
It seems I lost my little homie, he's a changed man
Hit the pen and now no sinnin' is the game plan
When I talk about money all you see is the struggle
When I tell you I'm livin' large you tell me it's trouble
Congratulations on the wedding, I hope your wife know
She got a playa for life, and that's no bullshittin'
I know we grew apart, you probably don't remember
I used to fiend for your sister, but never went up in her
And I can see us after school, we'd bomb
On the first motherfucker with the wrong shit on
Now the whole shit's changed and we don't even kick it
Got a big money scheme and you ain't even with it
Hmm, knew in my heart you was the same motherfucker that
Go toe to toe when it's time to roll you got a brother's back
And I can't even trip, cause I'm just laughin' at 'cha
You tryin' hard to maintain, then go ahead
Cause I ain't mad at 'cha
(Hmm, I ain't mad at 'cha)
[Hook]
[Danny Boy:] I ain't - mad - at 'cha
[2Pac:] I ain't mad at 'cha
[Danny Boy:] I ain't - mad - at 'cha
[Verse 2: 2Pac]
We used to be like distant cousins
Fightin', playin' dozens, whole neighborhood buzzin'
Knowin' that we wasn't
Used to catch us on the roof or behind the stairs
I'm gettin' blitzed and I reminisce on all the times we shared
Besides, bumpin' 'n grindin' wasn't nothin' on our mind
In time we'd learned to live a life of crime
Rewind us back to a time was much too young to know
I caught a felony lovin' the way the guns blow
And even though we separated, you said that you'd wait
Don't give nobody no coochie while I'll be locked up state
I kiss my momma, goodbye, and wipe the tears from her lonely eyes
Said I'll return but I gotta fight the fate's arrived
Don't shed a tear, cause momma I ain't happy here
I blew trial, no more smiles for a couple years
They got me goin' mad
I'm knockin' busters on they backs, in my cell, thinkin'
"Hell, I know one day I'll be back"
As soon as I touch down
I told my girl I'll be there, so prepare, to get fucked down
The homies wanna kick it, but I'm just laughin' at 'cha
Cause you's a down ass bitch and I ain't mad at 'cha
[Hook]
[Verse 3: 2Pac]
Well guess who's movin' up, this nigga's ballin' now
Bitches be callin' to get it, hookers keep fallin' down
He went from nothing to lots, ten carats to rock
Went from a nobody nigga to the big man on the block
He's Mr. Local-Celebrity, addicted to movin' ki's
Most hated by enemies, escape in the luxury
See, first you was our nigga but you made it, so the choice is made
Now we gotta slay you while you faded, in the younger days
So full of pain while the weapons blaze
Gettin' so high off that bomb hopin' we make it, to the better days
Cause crime pays and in time, you'll find a rhyme'll blaze
You'll feel the fire from the niggas in my younger days
So many changed on me, so many tried to plot
That I keep a Glock beside my head, when will it stop?
Til God return me to my essence
Cause even as an adolescent, I refuse to be a convalescent
So many questions and they ask me if I'm still down
I moved up out of the ghetto, so I ain't real now?
They got so much to say, but I'm just laughin' at 'cha
You niggas just don't know, but I ain't mad at 'cha
[Hook]

What'z Ya Phone # by 2Pac
[Intro: 2Pac]
What's ya phone number?
[Verse 1]
Now, I could make miracles to tempos
It's instrumental, waitin' for the nymphos
That's the intro
Shoot when you rush me, walked up and touched me
Why do you want to fuck me, just
Cause I'm paid in the worst way? True!
Lookin' kinda good in your birthday suit
I wonder if you're wild and you act shy?
Do you like to be on top or the back side?
Watch me while you lick your lips
Shake your hips, goddamn, I love that shit
Yo, let's stop fakin' and be real now
I got a room and a hard-on. Still down?
Met you standing at a bar full of black dudes
Said you wanna see my scars and my tattoos
When we head for my hideout, act right
Boss player when I ride out, that's right
What's ya phone number?
[Hook]
If you really wanna fuck with me, I'm ready
Baby, let me give you a call
How long will it take to break you off?
[Verse 2]
Oh shit, baby is a dime piece
Wanted this fine seat
If I see you're right, now she can get me
Whore didn't want to talk to me til she see my car
Never had sex with a rich rap star
Til I got her in the back of my homeboy's car
Tell me, why do we live this way?
Money over bitches, let me hear you say
What's your phone number?
Are you alone? Got a pocket full of rubbers, let's bone!
Time for your girlfriend to take you home
I had fun but, baby, gotta leave me alone
Picture in my rhyme
Take time to rewind these words I say
If you open your mind bet in a minute you'll find
It's time let the Outlawz play
What's ya phone number?
[Hook]
[Girl and 2Pac converse]
[G:] Hello?
[2:] Hello? Who is this?
[G:] Is this 2Pac?
[2:] This is who?
[G:] Is this 2Pac?
[2:] Yeah, it's 2Pac. Who is this?
[G:] Hi baby. How are you?
[2:] I'm aight. What up baby?
[G:] You don't recognize the voice?
[2:] You recognize my voice, huh?
[G:] Do you recognize MY voice?
[2:] Nah, I know you?
[G:] Yeah, you know me. I guess you don't recognize me, when I'm talking
[2:] Where I know you from? Where I know you from?
[G:] You just know me, baby
[2:] Where? Talk up, I can't barely hear you
[G:] You know me from when we were, you know, intimate
[2:] Oh, we fucked?
[G:] Oh baby, did we ever
[2:] Oh, tell me about it baby
[G:] I remember when I put that big dick in my hand and stroked it up and down
[2:] OOOOH!
[G:] Then I put it in my mouth. I sucked it
[2:] Ooh, you did
[G:] Ooh, I did
[2:] Shit!
[G:] Fucked it and fucked it. Put me in. You came
[2:] Did I come?
[G:] Ooh, baby: everywhere, everywhere. You don't remember me yet?
[2:] I'm starting to get a picture. Why don't you help me out. What did I do to the pussy? What a nigga do to the pussy?
[G:] You rocked it
[2:] Did I?
[G:] Yeah, you did
[2:] Did I give you some of that Thug Passion?
[G:] Mmmmmm
[2:] Heh, heh. Eh, so what 'cha doing right now, though?
[G:] Me and my finger are getting acquainted
[2:] How many you got?
[G:] I got ten. But only one is workin
[2:] Oh well, can I come over there?
[G:] If you want to
[2:] Do I want to? Do a bear shit in the woods and wipe his ass with a rabbit?
[G:] Mmm. You gonna rock it baby?
[2:] Hell yeah, I'm gonna rock it baby
[G:] Like you did before?
[2:] No dizoubt. You gonna feel that Thug Passion for real
[G:] Mmmm, baby
[2:] I'm on my way though. I'm about to fly over there in a 500. It ain't gonna take but a minute. Eh, light the candles
Get the baby oil out. Turn all the lights out. Drink a little bit of that shit. I'm on my way, babe. I'm gonna knock that pussy to the next week
[G:] Knock it out, baby, knock it out
[2:] I'm gon knock the taste out your mouth, girl. I'm gonna put your legs on your head. I'mma tie you up, blindfold you. And we gonna play which hole feel the best
[G:] You know which hole feel the best
[2:] We finna see tonight, though
[G:] I'm gonna make you remember me
[2:] Oh, yeah
[G:] Yeah
[2:] Oh yeah, you got my dick hard. I can't find the steering shift, you got me so fucked up. I'm playing with myself and shit
[G:] Can I shift your gear?
[G:] Can I shift it in the front?
[2:] Hell yeah, ay, you know what I wanna do though?
[G:] Whatch you wanna do?
[2:] I wanna fuck you on the balcony, while you lookin out over L.A
[2:] Yaknahmean? Just poundin' that shit from the back
Cause a motherfucker hop that shit like I got hydraulics
Fixed in me, you feel me? I be hittin' switches baby
[G:] Ooh, I feel you, yes
Heh, hey I'm fin' to come over there
Just wait for me sweetheart, I'm on my way right now
I'll see you later baby, bye
Bye, boo
[2:] Hah, yeah, I'm gonna get some pussy
Heh, get some pussy, hah, hah

Can't C Me by 2Pac
[Intro: George Clinton]
The blind stares of a million pairs of eyes
Looking hard, but won't realize
That they will never see the P!
[Verse 1: 2Pac]
Give me my money in stacks
And lace my bitches with dime figures
Real niggas fingers on nickel-plated 9 triggers
Must see my enemies defeated
I catch em while they coked up and weeded
Open fire, now them niggas bleeding
See me in flesh and test and get your chest blown
Straight out the West, don't get blown
My adversaries cry like hoes
Open and shut like doors
Is you a friend or foe?
Nigga, you ain't know?
They got me stressed out on Death Row
I've seen money, but baby, I've got to get mo'
You screaming "Go 2Pac!" And I ain't stopping
Till I'm well-paid, bail's paid
Now nigga, look what hell made
Visions of cops and sirens, niggas open fire
Bunch of Thug Life niggas on the rise, until I die
Ask me why I'm a boss player, getting high
And when I'm rolling by niggas can't see me!
[Hook: George Clinton]
The stares of a million pairs of eyes
And you'll never realize
You can't see me
[Verse 2: 2Pac]
Been getting word that these square motherfuckers with nerves
Saying they can get with us, but picture me getting served
My own mama say I'm thugged out
My shit be bumping out the record store
As if it was a drug house
My lyrics bang like a Crip or Blood
Nigga what! It ain't nothing but a party when we thug
And there I was, a young nigga with heart
Ain't had shit to lose, pullin' my pistol on them fools
You know the rules. D-R-E you got me heated
My word's like a penitentiary dick
Hitting bitches where it's most needed
Money and weed, Alize and Hennessy
To my Thug niggas in lock down: witness me
Bail on these hoes in floss-mode
The life of a Boss Playa, fuck what you thought, though
My enemies deceased, die like a bitch
When my album hit the streets, Niggas can't see me!
[Hook]
Which way did he go, George?
Which way did he go?
[Verse 3: 2Pac]
You niggas made a mistake
You should've never put my rhymes with Dre
Them Thug niggas have arrived and it's Judgement Day
Hey homie, if you feel me
Tell them tricks that shot me
That they missed, they ain't killed me
I can make a motherfucker Shake, Rattle n' Roll
I'm full of liquor, thug nigga
Quick to jab at them hoes
And I can make you jealous niggas famous
Fuck around with 2Pac and see how good a nigga's aim is
I'm just a rich motherfucker from the way
If this rapping bring me money, then I'm rapping till I'm paid
I'm getting green like I'm supposed to
Nigga, I holla at these hoes
And see how many I can go through
Look to the star, and visualize my debut
Niggas know me, player, I gotta stay true
Don't be a dumb motherfucker because it's crazy after dark
Where the true thug-niggas see your heart
Niggas can't see me!
[Outro]
Yo, check this out: stay off his dick
Niggas can't see me
I know it's hard nigga: I'm all up in your face
But you still can't see me!
All up in your range, but niggas can't see me
Thug Life, baby
Don't believe everything you read!
Alize and weed
Dr. Dre all day, 2Pac
Niggas can't see me
I dedicate this to you punk motherfuckers!
This one's for you, BIG baby
Cause you bitch-ass niggas can't see me
See No Evil, Hear No Evil, Speak No Evil
Right between your eyes, you'll never realize
Visualize what you can't see

Shorty Wanna Be a Thug by 2Pac
[Hook: 2Pac]
Say he wanna be
Shorty's gonna be a thug!
Said he wanna be
One day he's gonna be
Say he wanna be
Shorty's gonna be a thug!
Said he wanna be
One day he's gonna be
[Verse One: 2Pac]
He was a nice middle class nigga
But nobody knew the evil he'd do when he got a little bigger
Get off the final blaze
While puffing on a Newport
Plotting on a another way to catch a case
Was only 16, yet convicted as a felon
With a bunch of old niggas
But you the only one who ain't telling
I tell you it's a cold world, stay in school
You tell me its a man's world, play the rules
And fade fools, break rules until we major
Blaze up, getting with hoes through my pager
Was raised up, commencing to money makin' tactics
It's getting drastic, niggas got automatics
My fingers on the trigga, Tell the lord
To make way for another straight Thug Nigga
I'm sitting getting buzzed, looking for some luv
From the homies, cuz shorty wanna be a Thug
[Hook]
[Verse Two: 2Pac]
Straight from the Hall to the Penn
An adolescent nigga scaling weight and standing Six feet Ten
He carried weight like a Mack truck
Gonna bust on some playa haters
If the mutha fuckas act tuff
Then thats when the lethal weapon with the razor
This little nigga smoking weed and getting blazed up
No one could figure, when the guns blast pull the trigga
Could take the life of a young nigga guns bigger
No mother and father, you see, the niggas all alone
Old timers my role model, the war zone
Released with this game 'til its a part of me
My heart don't beat no fear and it ain't hard to see
The future is looking dim
I'm trying to make a profit out of living in this sin
I'm in the dark getting buzzed, looking for some love
Out with the homies, cuz shorty wanna be a Thug
[Hook]
[Outro: 2Pac]
Shorty gonna be a thug!
You little bad ass nigga, to the young niggas
Gotta stay sharp nigga, play your part
You got plenty of time (you bad mutha fuckas)
You only get 3 mistakes, then that's life, big baby (niggas craaazy)
Watch the signs
Damn, you ain't but 16 nigga?
16?!?!
That's a bad muthafucker

Holla At Me by 2Pac
[Intro: Nanci Fletcher]
Niggas out there jealous cause we be bailin' with Death Row
They try to playa hate
But they can't fade us tho'
We be mobbin' through the neigborhood, yeah
With that funky sound
*so funky*
We be throwin' down
[2Pac]
This goes out to you playa
You know, you know who you are
[Chorus x3]
[2Pac]
Gotta be carefull, can't let the evil of the money trap me
So when ya see me nigga, ya better holla at me
[Verse 1: 2Pac]
Are you confused?
You wonder how it feels to walk a mile inside the shoes
Of a nigga who don't have a thing to lose
When me and you was homies
No one informed me it was all a scheme
You infiltrated my team and sold a nigga's dreams
How could you do me like that ?
I took ya family in
I put some cash in ya pocket
Made you a man again
And now you let the fear put your ass in a place
Complicated to escape
It's a fool's fate
Without your word
You're a shell of a man
I lost respect for ya, nigga
We can never be friends
I know I'm runnin' through your head now
What could you do?
If it was up to you
I'd be dead now
I let the world know, nigga, you a coward
Ya could never be live
Until you die
See the motherfuckin' bitch in your eye
Type of nigga, that let the evil of the money trap me
When ya see me, nigga, ya better holla at me (holla at me)
[Chorus]
[2Pac]
Gotta be ready, don’t let the evil of the money trap me
So when you see me, nigga, you better holla at me
[Nanci Fletcher]
(You better beware where you lay
We better not find where you stay)
[2Pac]
So I gotta be careful, can't let the evil of the money trap me
So when ya see me, nigga, ya better holla at me
[Nanci Fletcher]
(You better beware where you lay
We better not find where you stay)
[Verse Two: 2Pac]
Curious
Spittin' lyrics
On tha verge of furious
I'm addicted to currency
Nigga that's why we're doin this
I got shot up, I surprised tha niggas tha way I got up
And then
I hit the studio
It's time to blow tha block up
No hesitation
This information got you contemplatin'
Heartbreakin' and eliminatin' with this conversation
Break him
And let him see tha face of a mental patient
It's a celebration
Of my criminal elevation
With the participation
I want members across tha fifty states
To keep tha nation anticipatin' until we break
Will I be great, is it my fate ?
To live tha life of luxury
Some niggas bought my tapes
So much jealousy it scares me
So be prepared
Cause only tha strong survive
Life isn't fair (fair)
Probably never knew tha way it feels to die
So you figure fuck with me
I give that ass a try
Nigga, Holla at me
[Chorus]
[2pac]
Gotta be careful, can't let the evil of the money trap me
So when ya see me, nigga, ya better holla at me
[Nanci Fletcher]
(You better beware where you lay
We better not find where you stay)
[2pac]
Now I gotta be careful, can't let the evil of the money trap me
So when ya see me, nigga, ya better holla at me
[Nanci Fletcher]
(You better beware where you lay
We better not find where you stay)
[Verse Three: 2Pac]
I should've saw the signs
I was blinded
Criminal minds of a young black brotha doin' time
So many brothas framed in this dirty game
It's a shame
So much pressure on my brain
While she blame me
Secrets in tha dark
Only her and I know
Now I'm sittin' in tha state pen
Doin time slow
Guess she made a bad decision
That got me livin'
Just like an animal
I'm caged up in state prison
My niggas dissin'
Cause
Hell have no fury like a woman's scorn
A cemetary full of motherfuckers not knowin'
Picture my prophecy
Tha cops are attacking me, on top of me
I'm runnin' from tha coppers
But never let'em stop me
Cause I'm a soulja
Hell, ever since I was a little nigga havin' fantasies
Of one day getting older
Niggas is paranoid
Trust
A no no
Love is a mystery
Fuck tha po po
Holla at me.....
[Chorus]
[2pac]
So when you see me nigga
You better holla at me....
[Nanci Fletcher]
(You better beware where you lay
We better not find where you stay)
[2pac]
Gotta be careful, can't let the evil of the money trap me
So when ya see me, nigga, ya better holla at me
[Nanci Fletcher]
(You better beware where you lay
We better not find where you stay)
[2pac]
A nigga gotta be careful, can't let the evil of the money trap me
So when ya see me, nigga, ya better holla at me
[Nanci Fletcher]
(You better beware where you lay
We better not find where you stay)
[Outro (same as intro)]

Wonda Why They Call U Bitch by 2Pac
[Hook: 2Pac]
You wonda why they call you bitch (x6)
[Verse 1: 2Pac]
Look here Miss Thang, hate to salt your game
But you's a money hungry woman and you need to change
In the locker room, all the homies do is laugh
High fives cause anotha nigga played your ass
It was said you were sleeezy, even easy
Sleepin' around for what you need
See it's your thing and you can shake it how you wanna
Give it up free or make your money on the corner
But don't be bad, play the game, get mad and change
Then you wonda why these muthafuckers call you names
Still lookin' for a way out, and that's okay
I can see you wanna stray, there's a way out
Keep your mind on your money, enroll in school
And as the years pass by, you can show them fools
But you ain't trying to hear me cause you're stuck
You're headin' for the bathroom 'bout to get tossed up
Still looking for a rich man, you dug a ditch
Got your legs up trying to get rich
I love you like a sister, but you need to switch
And that's why they called you bitch, I betcha
[Hook]
[Verse 2]
You leave your kids with your mama cause your headin' for the club
In a skin tight miniskirt looking for some love
Got them legs wide open while you're sittin' at the bar
Talkin' to some nigga 'bout his car
I guess he said he had a Lexus, what's next?
You headin' to his car for some sex
I pass by, can't hold back tears inside
Cause Lord knows, for years I tried
And all the other people on my block hate your guts
Then you wonda why they stare, and call you, "slut"
It's like your mind don't understand
You don't have to kill your dreams plotting schemes on a man
Keep your head up, legs closed, eyes open
Either a nigga wear a rubber or he die smokin'
I'm hearin' rumors so you need to switch
And niggas wouldn't call you bitch, I betcha
[Hook]
[Verse 3]
I guess times getting hard, even harder for you, cause hey now
Got a baby on the way now
More money from the county, and thanks to the welfare
You're about to get your hair done
Got a dinner date, can't be late
Trick or treat, sweet thing got another trick to meet
The way he did it it was smooth, plotting while he gaming you
So baby, peep the rules
I should've seen it in the first case, the worst case
I should've never called you back in the first place
I remember back in high school, baby you was fast
Straight sex, when you moved your ass
But now things change, cause you don't look the same
Let the ghetto get the best of you, baby, that's a shame
Caught HIV and now you 'bout to be deceased
And finally be at peace
So where your niggas at now, cause everybody left
They stepped, and left you on your own
See I loved you like a sister, but you died too quick
And that's why we called you bitch, I betcha
[Hook]
[Outro]
Dear Ms. Delores Tucker
Keep stressing me
Fucking with a motherfucking mind
I figured you wanted to know
You know, why we call them hoes bitches
And maybe this might help you understand
It ain't personal
Strictly business, baby, strictly business
So If you wonder why we call you bitch
You wonder why we call you bitch
If you wonder why we call you bitch
You wonder why we call you bitch

When We Ride by 2Pac
[Intro]
Outlaw Immortalz
Bow down to somethin' greater than yourself, trick
Individuals capable of enormous amounts of chin checks and eye swolls
They know you watchin'
But you ain't seein' what lies before you, biatch
Picture if you will seven deadly human beings
Blessed with the gift of speech
The power to reach
Each nigga on every street
May the heavenly father look down and be proud of what transpired
Since the day the seed was planted
The G grew but we knew he'd rise up quick
Smoked out, loc'ed out, all into shit
Just me and my dogs, livin' like hogs
Outlaw Immortalz
What follows is the story, what proceeded was the glue
What lies between is the fiction
Don't fuck around and make it true
[Verse 1]
[2Pac]
*laughing*
My adversaries crumble when we rumble it's a catastrophe
Out for revenge on bitch niggas that blasted me
Plus my alias is Makaveli
A loaded three-fifty-seven with hollow points to a nigga belly
Bust him to see if he bleed
He shoulda never fucked around with a sick-ass nigga like me
They call my name out and niggas run
Best be prepared for the Outlawz, here we come
[Hussein Fatal]
They call me Hussein Fatal, it's a two game table
I'm robbin' ya niggas' cradle with a knife in your navel
Rap-related, criminally activated and evil
I wouldn't wanna be you behind my fuckin' Desert Eagle
Til the end, I'm tellin' all friends and enemies
You see what I got to make you freeze, to touch me you need ten of these
Complete most, wanted on the streets of the East coast
Young Gunz fire and niggas bleed, I see Mo
[Kastro]
I be shinin' like white diamonds and crystal
Glistenin' holdin' pistols
The mission's simple, fold up and roll up dead presidentials
Sew up all the potential, million, billion dollar baller potential
Sort it, oughta call on a nigga I'll be sure to get you
Take cash bro, fast yo, for my Kastro
Blast and I'mma last yo past all these Glass Joes
And assholes who claim, like they be runnin' thangs
I be gunnin' those same niggas runnin' late, to their fate
[Napoleon]
My alias is motherfuckin' Na-poleon, and I'd rather be
Robbin' again before these motherfuckers leave me sufferin'
But it ain't nothin', and I got no time for no bluffin'
Befo' a nigga finish with puttin' in work I betta end up with somethin'
I think these niggas got the game fucked up
If they don't believe, that a young nigga like me, would bust (Boo-Yaa!)
Perhaps it's a must, I'm facin' cases, fuck probation
Is what I'm screamin' when these money hungry cops be chasin'
[Hook: 2Pac] (x2)
Thug nigga til we die
No mercy on these playa hatin' bitches, ask me why - when we ride
[Verse 2]
[Mussolini]
It's the imperial serial killer, alias Mussolini
Mentally unstable G status, so you can't see me
Drug warlord, riding Concorde jets
Rag Vette's, shakin bitches and snitches and trippin on sets
Inglewoods banger, keepin one in the chamber
For the anger that I build inside, when it's time to ride
Suicidal thoughts lurk fuckin no end to revenge
Fuck any, my alias Mussolini
[E.D.I.]
They call me Idi, from the side of seedy
Young nigga greedy, so I'm runnin up on these niggas easy
It ain't nuttin, cause if they wantin somethin, so I'mma commence
To dumpin stomp down and struck up while my beat is bumpin, Thuggin
To my fuckin last note, with Lo-Pole and Kastro
Who you thought was on that asshole, don't ask though
Outlaw Immortalz doin this dit-nirt on the sli-zow
Ain't no chance to hide when we ride
[Kadafi]
My alias Khadafi, Trump tight so feds can't copy
Six-three and cocky quick to hit your bitch if she jock me
Severely addicted to livin like a fuckin felon
While beefin with rookie cops the cookie rocks a nigga sellin
Since a shorty I been livin life defiant, nickel plated chrome
Got this baby Capone lookin like a giant, and I ain't lyin
It's like it's me against myself with all these
Backstabbin snakes grabbin at my fuckin wealth
[Mo Khomeini]
Mo Khomeini goes terrorist, mad man killer
The bottom of the river where the body lays and shivers
I'm that nigga with the fifty cap pouch, with the murderous stacks
That increase, while these motherfuckers eat beef
It's been a long road, a lot of episodes
And as the Glock loads, I gotta teach hoes
Reach hoes, make em feel a nigga when I'm mashin
Now I'm surpassin any assassin
[Hook] (x2)
[Verse 3]
[2Pac]
Hahahaha, Outlaw Immortalz baby
Y'all niggas can't fade this ol crazy shit
Makaveli, Hussein, Kastro, Khadafi, Mussolini
Amin, Naploleon, Khomani
What y'all really wanna do?
Haha, like them niggas said
"What would you do? If you could fuck with me and my crew"
Hehahahahaha, Thug Life, yeah nigga
Flashin on niggas
Thug Life right? This year we Thug Life
But we Outlaw Immortalz
We die nigga, but we multiply, we like legends nigga, like forever
Like I'll make you famous motherfucker
I'm talkin about Newsweek and Time Magazine and all that ol good shit
My niggas make the papers baby
My niggas make the front page
The gunshots can't stop me, they know (fades)

Thug Passion by 2Pac
[Intro: 2Pac]
Aight, new drink
One part Alizé, one part Cristal
Thug Passion, baby
Y'all know what time it is
This drink is guaranteed to get the pussy wet and the dick hard
Now, if you with me
Pour a glass and drink with a nigga, knowhatimean?
I ain't tryin' to turn you all niggas into alcohols - alcoholics
I'm just tryin' to turn you into motherfuckin' thugs
So come and get some of this Thug Passion, baby
[Verse 1: Kastro]
I could pull out the drink and be good until it's relevant
But I'm a straight soldier
I'll roll up a nigga like it's Heaven sent
Tripping over dead presidents
They got these derelicts
I throw was down with this business
Trying to clown and get a cent
And so rather
Than stand forever, been thinking
Drinking over a felony
And hell of me and how it will be some other shit
People telling me to cool out
But they ain't feeling me
A motherfucking fool, about
My fucking cheddar cheese
And it pleases, passion of mine
Thugging, hugging plenty of G's
And laughing while I pass through times
And all these bastards be watching
Just keep it plain, I'mma keep it the same
Partner, just take it the simple game
I can pinkle with the rain twinkling
Diamonds and things go blinking
Enough to hold me, til I'm old and wrinkling
And these adversaries
They gonna have to be worrying
Cause I'mma be illing, fulfilling my passion
Til I'm burying my Thug Passion
[Hook: Jewell]
I heard it's the bomb
And you got it going on
Give me some of your Thug Passion, baby
You got me dripping wet
From the way you make me sweat
Give me some of your Thug Passion, baby
[Verse 2: Napoleon]
Now what if me
Turn this Hennessey
Into a robbery
The Prophecy probably suddenly
Switch and how it supposed to be
And dirty money
Can't be evil cause it's filling up my tummy, see
Born in a position, death collision was futuristic
Twisting riches but there is only one way to make more
So I'm standing on the corner
Trying to hustle in the snow
And my bigger bro couldn't know
But buy a .44, blasting at playa haters
Wanting more with a Thug Passion
[Verse 3: EDI]
Putting down mashin'
Control by this Thug's Passion
Unlike them other bustas pistol blasting
I'm asking what happened
To the niggas who kept it real
Like they claim to
That's what money and fame do
See they ain't true
Traveling this road my poor soul
Has been consolidated
With all this bullshit I dunn tolerated
How I made it can easily stated
It's like my heart be gripped with the Passion
To be the fucking greatest
Load up and take shit
[Bridge: Kadafi]
Make it to some high dollar gangsta shit
Jack a stack til we got enough bank to split
[Storm]
Creep with me
Through that immortal flow
Thug Passion got you trembling
Like Death on the Row
Make your move
So I can throw your mind a curve
While I'll be blowing up the scene
Like my nigga Mr. Herb
Take a toke as your heart goes full arrest
I got the bomb, so nigga, fuck the rest
You need a dub to get you flowing
And let that loc see smoke
Feeling the strokes of the 9 squeeze tight and slow
[Hook]
[Verse 5: 2Pac]
They say money don't make the man
But damn, I'm making money
Observing you motherfuckers
Cause some of you bitches funny
Say you want it but you bullshitting
Licking them lips, you got me about to act a fool quick
Sipping on some Alizé and Cristal, meanwhile
Buy me a drink and get to winking at me
She smiles; a niggas full of passion
Satisfaction is everlasting
"How does it feel?" what I'm asking
While I'm rubbing on that ass
"Why you laughing?"
See, I'm digging as if I'm curious
Full blown and furious
Baby, get a grip
When I be doing this
It's so physical
My attraction driven by alcohol
Beware of my reaction
Baby I'm born to ball
Thugged out on Death Row
You better recognize and picture what I said, so
Now you can feel it
It's a portion for my niggas in motion
Forever blasting
Bitches ain't ready for this Thug Passion
[Hook 6x w/ DJ Quik talkbox ad-libs]

Picture Me Rollin' by 2Pac
[Intro]
Yeah, clear enough for ya?
Why you niggas look mad?
Y'all supposed to be happy I'm free!
Y'all niggas look like y'all wanted me to stay in jail
Ho bustas!
[Verse 1: 2Pac]
Picture me rolling in my 500 Benz
I got no love for these niggas, there's no need to be friends
They got me under surveillance, that's what somebody be telling
Know there's dope being sold, but I ain't the one selling
Don't want to be another number
I gotta puff a gang of weed to keep from going under
The federales wanna see me dead
Niggas put prices on my head
Now I got two Rottweilers by my bed, I feed 'em lead
Now I'm released, how will I live?
Will God forgive me for all the dirt a nigga did, to feed kids?
One life to live, it's so hard to be positive
When niggas shooting at your crib
Mama, I'm still thuggin', the world is a war zone
My homies is inmates, and most of them dead wrong
Full grown, finally a man, just scheming on ways
To put some green inside the palms of my empty hands
Just picture me rollin'
Flossing a Benz on rims that isn't stolen
My dreams is censored, my hopes are gone
I'm like a fiend that finally sees when all the dope is gone
My nerves is wrecked, heart beating and my hands are swollen
Thinking of the G's I'll be holdin'
Picture me rollin'
[Refrain: Danny Boy]
Picture me rollin'
Picture me rollin'
Picture me, picture me rollin'
Picture me rollin'
Ooh wee
[2Pac during Refrain]
Can you see me now?
Move to the side a little bit so you can get a clear picture
Can you see it?
Picture me rollin'
Yeah nigga!
Ay, but peep how my nigga Syke do it to you
Guess who's back?
[Verse 2: Syke]
I got ki's coming from overseas
Cost a nigga 200 G's
I'm a street commando, Nino for example
This lavish lifestyle is hard to handle
So I got to floss cause I'm more like a boss player
Thug, branded to be a women-layer
So many player haters, imitators steady swanging
Make me wanna start back banging
So I'm caught up in the game, dress code changed
Packing 40 Glocks, contain em or rearrange
All that jealousy and envy coming from my enemies
While I'm sipping on Remy
In front of black Lexus, Chevy's on the roam
'96 big body, sitting on chrome
As we head up out the zone, stone-facing is on
You can admire, but don't look too long
I'm living a dream with triple beams and my pockets bulgin'
It's hard to imagine
Picture me rollin'
[Refrain: Danny Boy]
Picture me rollin'
Picture, picture me rollin'
Picture me rollin'
Picture me rollin'
Picture me
[Verse 3: CPO]
I gots to get the fuck up in it, formulate a caper
Cause a nigga straight suffering from lack of having paper
My bitch fin' to have a bastard, see?
So I needs to hit a lick, drastically
I see some ballin' ass niggas, and they slippin' in my spot
And, uh, diggin' the plots (so what?)
Checking in the park, 'Pac
[2Pac]
We caught em sleeping, he didn't peep you niggas creeping?
This how we do it every weekend
I dump for madness, it's time to count the profit
CPO, we got the bomb spot, nigga time to clock it
I get the liquor, and you could get the females
This crooked shit that we inflicting getting street sales
[CPO]
Move smooth as a motherfucker, me and my 9
I'm as cool as a motherfucker, I'ma get mine
Now we satisfied, got the pockets on swollen
Boss Hog and this 'Pac nigga: picture us rollin'
[Refrain: Danny Boy](repeat 'till end)
Picture me rollin'
[Outro: 2Pac]
Is y'all ready for me?
Picture me rollin" roll call
You know there's some muh'fuckers out there
I just could not forget about
I wanna make sure they can see me
Number one on my list: Clinton Correctional Facilities
All you bitch ass C.O.'s
Can you niggas see me from there?
Ballin' on y'all punk ass!
Picture me rollin', baby
Yeah, all them niggas up in them cell blocks
I told y'all niggas when I come home it's on
That's right nigga, picture me rollin'
Oh, I forgot! The D.A
Yeah, that bitch had a lot to talk about in court
Can the ho see me from here?
Can you see me, ho?
Picture me rollin'
And all you punk police, can you see me?
Am I clear to you?
Picture me rollin' nigga, legit
Free like O.J. all day
You can't stop me
You know I got my niggas up in this motherfucker
Manute, Pain, Syke, [Bogart], Mopreme
It's sad dog, can you picture us rolling?
Can you see me ho?
Is y'all ready for me?
We up out this bitch
Any time y'all wanna see me again
Rewind this track right here, close your eyes
And picture me rollin'

Check Out Time by 2Pac
[Intro: 2Pac]
Ay what time is it nigga?
("I don't know.")
Oh shit, 12 o'clock
Oh shit, we got to get the fuck up outta here
("Hell yeah.")
Nigga, it's check out time nigga
Hey call up Kurupt, call Daz room
("Hey there, bitch, where Suge at, nigga?")
Call Suge, call all the niggas tell 'em to meet me downstairs
("Where K and them niggas at man?")
Tell the valet, bring the Benz around
("Ay, y'all seen my shoes?")
Hey Kurupt, y'all niggas drivin or y'all flyin' back, whassup?
("Man, I'm rollin' man, fuck that shit.")
Hey Syke nigga, come on man, get up out the bathroom fool
("Fuck that, I lost some money, nigga.")
Aw nigga, damn
[Verse 1: 2Pac]
Now I'm up early in the mornin', breath stinkin' as I'm yawnin'
Just another sunny day in California
I got my mind focused on some papers while I'm into sexy capers
Give a holla to them hoochies last night, that tried to rape us
Will these rap lyrics take us, plus room all up in Vegas
I'm a boss playa, death before I let these bitches break us
Last night was like a fantansy, Alizé and Hennessy
A hoochie and her homie dirty dancin' with my man and me
Told her I was interested, picture all the shit we did
I got her hot and horny, all up on me, what a freaky bitch
First you argued, then I fight it, til you lick me where I like it
Got a nigga all excited, it don't matter, just don't bite it
I never got to check out the scence
Too busy tryin' to dig a hole in your jeans
Now it seems, it's check out time
[Hook: Natasha Walker & 2Pac]
We gotta go (x2)
Gotta go, gotta go
Yeah baby, hahaha, it's check it out time
We gotta go (x4)
Gotta go, nigga, gotta go
("Y'all know what time it is!")
Ay, c'mon man get y'all bags man, call that valet motherfucker
Tell him to get a nigga shit, cause we out this, motherfucker
[Verse 2: Kurupt]
They label me an outlaw, so it's time for the panty raid
My fantansies came true with Janet on, I'm in a escapade
But did it all, end too soon
All the homies runnin' through the halls room to room, so I assume
Since I'm a playa like my nigga Syke
Then it's only right for me to disappear into the night
My game's trump tight, so I find time to recline
Sneak in your room, instant Messiah, shit wines of all kinds
I ain't got that much time
So hurry up and pop the Dom and let me hit it from behind
Since I'm only here for one night, I got to get you hot and heated
Play like Micheal Jackson, and Beat It
One more thing I like to mention, I'm done and I'm out
Cause there's someone else who deserves my attention
So all the homies round up in the lobby
Cause bustin' bitches is a hobby, nigga
It's check out time
[Hook: Natasha Walker & Kurupt]
We gotta go (x8)
Aiyyo man Pac ay, where the where the fuck is Daz at man?
This nigga locked up or somethin'?
The only one not to leave
Yo man, it's check out time, it's time to get out this mother
You seem them bitches?
We out man, fuck that shit
Yo Rece! Yo nigga, whassup?
[Verse 3: Syke]
Hey I'm livin' the life of a boss playa
The front desk callin' but I'm checkin' out later
My behaviour is crazy from what you did to me baby
If walls could talk, they'd say, you tried to fade me
I'm puttin' in work, but didn't hurt from the jacuzzi to the bed
Carressin' your thoughts, cause I'm livin' Fed
Heard what I said? Passion is crashin' the room
From the liquor we consumed I heard a boom
I'm blackin' out, you're yellin' out 'Big Syke Daddy'
We did it in the caddy on the highway, my way
I'm lost in a dream and so it seemed, to be the night
Five bottles of Cristal and I'm still tight
Out of sight from Pac and Kurupt
As I get it up, once the doors close, you stuck
In a heaty, sticky situation
Get up baby, you ain't on vacation
It's check out time
[Hook: Natasha Walker & Syke]
We gotta go (x8)
Ay, it's check out time
Ay Pac, nigga where my motherfuckin', where my shoes go, nigga?
Where my motherfuckin' drawers and shit at man?
Man, y'all niggas was in here partyin' too fuckin' much
What the fuck y'all doin', nigga?
Kurupt, go tell Daz, man, and Bogart and the rest of them niggas
C'mon man, niggas is trippin' man
Front desk all callin' me, tellin' me to get the hell outta here, man
We gotta go (x8)
I ain't got no more money, somebody loan me a hundred

Ratha Be Ya Nigga by 2Pac
[Intro: Richie Rich, 2Pac]
[RR] Pac
[PAC] Hey
[RR] What's happening
[PAC] Not motherfucking double R, Richie Rich
[RR] What's happening baby, you know how we do it
[PAC] Yeah nigga, you know I'm up out this bitch
It's time for me to uhhh regulate
[RR] Fo' sho', hey
[PAC] Observe
[RR] and you ain't going back?
[PAC] Nah nah nah, we got to show these motherfuckers whassup though
[RR] This is for the honeys, the super ?
[PAC] I don't want to be her man, I want to be her nigga
You feel me?
[RR] Well let em know
[Verse 1]
[2Pac]
You fucking with niggas that's insecure
Watered down, my shit is pure
Write down my number but don't call me 'til you sure
I ain't begging just trying to relocate between your legs
Dripping wet, as we experiment in sweaty sex
When you met me you wouldn't let me, and now
You straight begging to sex me got you undressing to test me and uhh..
[Richie Rich]
Shut me down if you want, and miss the chance to do it live
When I stroll by, I see that look in yo' eye
You want a nigga, but think that you can't have a nigga
Don't cheat yourself, instead treat yourself
If you scared, go to church, I know it hurts
To find out me and your man be sharing skirts
[2Pac]
I'm hoping you don't take this the wrong way
But your body is banging, got me attracted in a strong way
After a long day of trying to make my songs pay
Making love all day against the wall in the hallway
Your fantasies come alive, your heart rate
Shall increase when we meet up in this dark place
You might think you're happy with him
But that's a lie, so give this thug a try
I'd rather be ya nigga
[Hook x2: 2Pac]
I'd rather be ya N-I-G-G-A
So we can get drunk and smoke weed all day
It don't matter if you lonely baby, you need a thug in your life
Cause busters ain't loving you right
[Verse 2]
[2Pac]
Look, now you was sprung from the introduction
My conversation's full of game yet laced with seductions
I see you blushing like you want something, come get a taste
Of Amerikaz Most Wanted and let's get into some touching, erotic fuckin
My up and down with no interruptions
Have no intentions of busting until you learn your lesson
Now many questions are often asked, a drop top, 500 Benz
And plenty cash, to help a nigga get the ass
[Richie Rich]
You can ride out with spoke coke, to get your lobster and crab
Cause all I got is conversation and a gang of stab
And I'mma listen when it hurts, I'ma hang out but never stay
Smoke blunts but leave them stunts up to Super Dave
I'll be your nigga, as long as we can understand
That I's the nigga and spoke coke can be the man
He wine and dine, but me and you we whine and grind
And when I'm on the field keep you on the sidelines
[Hook]
[Verse 3]
[2Pac]
Now it's time for the moment of truth, I got you naked
Totally sweating, let's see how hot I can make it
Tongue kissing til yo' head swang
I'm so into you, witness a nigga make the bed bang
If it's all mine, then let me know
Now scream my name out; do you want it fast or shall I hit it slow?
Not to mention, the multiple positions I inflict
A boss player, freaky motherfucker, can addict
[Richie Rich]
It's on and popping, now you see what I was seeing
Why your eyes rolling? Loosen up, girl, I ain't going
Nowhere, let's let that sucker stay out there
While he's stressed out and knock I stretch out the cock
Hold the boots, and let a nigga execute
And though you got it right, I'm going home tonight
[2Pac]
You say you don't need a man, but I don't care
You're in the presence of a player, I'd rather be ya nigga
[Hook]

All Eyez On Me by 2Pac
[Intro: 2Pac speaking]
Big Syke, Newt, Hank
Beugard, Big Sur
Y'all know how this shit go
All eyes on me
Motherfuckin' O.G
Roll up in the club and shit, is that right
All eyes on me
All eyes on me
But you know what?
[Verse 1: 2Pac]
I bet you got it twisted you don't know who to trust
So many playa hatin' niggas tryin' to sound like us
Say they ready for the funk, but I don't think they knowin'
Straight to the depths of hell is where those cowards goin'
Well are you still down nigga, holla when you see me
And let these devils be sorry for the day they finally freed me
I got a caravan of niggas every time we ride
Hittin' motherfuckers up when we pass by
Until I die; live the life of a boss playa
Cause even when I'm high, fuck with me and get crossed later
The futures in my eyes, cause all I want is cash and thangs
A five-double-oh Benz flauntin' flashy rings, uhh
Bitches pursue me like a dream
Been know to disappear before your eyes just like a dope fiend
It seems, my main thing was to be major paid
The game sharper than a motherfuckin razor blade
Say money bring bitches, bitches bring lies
One nigga's gettin jealous, and motherfuckers die
Depend on me like the first and fifteenth
They might hold me for a second, but these punks won't get me
We got four niggas, in low riders, and ski masks
Screamin' THUG LIFE every time they pass - all eyes on me
[Hook: 2Pac (x2)]
Live the life of a thug nigga, until the day I die
Live the life of a boss playa, cause even gettin' high
(All eyes on me)
[Verse 2: Syke]
Heeyyy, to my nigga 'Pac
So much trouble in the world, nigga
Can nobody feel your pain
The world's changin' everyday, time's movin' fast
My girl said I need a raise, how long will she last
I'm caught between my woman, and my pistol, and my chips
Triple beam, got some smokers on, whistle as I dip
I'm lost in the land with no plan, livin' life flawless
Crime boss, contraband, let me toss this
Needy hookers got a lot of nerve, let my bucket swerve
I'm takin' off from the curb
The nervousness neglect make me pack a tech
Devoted to servin' this, Moet and pay checks
Like Akai satellite nigga I'm forever ballin'
It ain't right parasites triggers and fleas crawlin'
Sucker duck and get busted, no emotion
My devotion is handlin' my business, nigga, keep on coastin'
Where you goin' I been there, came back as lonely homie
Steady flowin' against the grain, niggas still don't know me
It's about the money in this rap shit, this crap shit
It ain't funny niggas don't even know how to act, shit
What can I do, what can I say, is there another way
Blunts and gin all day, twenty-fo' parlay
My little homie G, can't you see, I'm busta-free
Niggas can't stand me - all eyes on me
[Hook]
[Verse 3: 2Pac]
The feds is watchin', niggas plottin' to get me
Will I survive, will I die, come on let's picture the possibility
Givin' me charges, lawyers makin' a grip
I told the judge I was raised wrong, and that's why I blaze shit
Was hyper as a kid, cold as a teenager
On my mobile callin' big shots on the scene major
Packin' hundreds in my drawers; fuck the law
Bitches I fuck with a passion, I'm livin' rough and raw
Catchin' cases at a fast rate, ballin' in the fast lane
Hustle til the mornin', never stopped until the cash came
Live my life as a thug nigga until the day I die
Live my life as a boss playa, cause even gettin' high
These niggas got me tossin' shit
I put the top down, now it's time to floss my shit
Keep your head up, nigga, make these motherfuckers suffer
Up in the Benz, burnin' rubber
The money is mandatory, the hoes is for the stress
This criminal lifestyle, equipped with the bulletproof vest
Make sure your eyes is on the meal ticket
Get your money, motherfucker, let's get rich and we'll kick it
All eyes on me
[Hook]
[Outro: 2Pac speaking]
Pay attention my niggas
See how that shit go
Nigga, walk up in this, motherfucker
And it be like, bing
Cops, bitches, everymotherfuckingbody
Live my life as a thug nigga until the day I die
Live my life as a boss playa, cause even gettin' high
I got bustas, hoes and police watchin' a nigga, y'know
I live my life as a thug nigga until the day I die
Livin' life as a boss playa, cause even gettin' high
Hehehe ... it's like what they think
I'm walkin' around with some Ki's in my pocket or somethin'
They think I'm goin' back to jail, they really on that dope
Live my life as a thug nigga until the day I die
Live my life as a boss playa
I know y'all watchin', I know y'all got me in the scopes
Live my life as a thug nigga until the day I die
Live my life as a boss playa, cause even gettin' high
I know y'all know this is THUG LIFE baayy-bay
Y'all got me under surveillance, huh
All eyes on me, but I'm knowin'

Run Tha Streetz by 2Pac
[Hook: Michel'le] (x2)
You can run the streets with your thugs
I'll be waiting for you
Until you get through
I'll be waiting
[Verse 1: 2Pac]
Now peep it, here go the secret on how to keep a playa
Some love makin' and homecookin', I'll see you later
It don't take a lot to keep a nigga heart
Must be a lady in the light but real freaky in the dark
Plus I got some enemies, baby, hold my pistol
And wrap your arms around a nigga everytime I kiss you
Can you visualize the picture, me and you in ecstasy
Don't be upset, it's good sex, when you next to me
Do you wanna test me, put your tired head on my chest
A thug nigga's in the house, now you can rest
I bet'cha never screamed a nigga's whole name out
And felt the pleasure and the pain
About to fuck the very taste out your mouth
If you call me when you need me
1-800-skypage, when you wanna see me
Cause I can be your man
And, baby, you can be my lady
But you gotta give a nigga space or you'll drive me crazy
Run the streets
[Hook] (x2)
[Verse 2: Storm]
Now me and you was cool, but I ain't the one to play the fool
Can't make no money in bed
So ain't no future fuckin' you, I ain't the bitch to love ya
Can't do a damn thang for you, if ya ain't about money
9 times outta 10, I'll ignore you, it's a man's world
But real women make the shit go around
Disrespect and I clown the type of bitch to throw down
Throw up the block cause nothin' stops my chips
I boss play ya with this, then twist you lame tricks
Holler if you understand my plan, ladies
Fuck havin' babies by them shady ass niggas, swearin' he can save me
My strategy's official
Checkin' ya pockets while I tounge kiss ya
Soft as tissue
So my next issue is 'how to diss you ?'
They call me Storm from the day I was born
I been known to break the coldest motherfucker, til his hearts warm
I ain't never been the type to wait at home alone
Just cause we bone
Don't mean you own me
Nigga, I'm grown
[Hook] (x2)
[Verse 3]
[Mutah]
I'd rather run the streets to make some mail
And put the game down tight
For these gamin' bitches could get it right
It might be a plan that I'm chosen
Don't get in confusion
Because I'm known for showin' examples how I do it
Thinkin' I'm new to this, because I'm younger
Where I'll only leave you suspecious and to wonder
And at the end I make a come up
Nigga, was raised up off of M.O.B
Fetti over something
That's tellin' me don't run the streets
[2Pac]
So tell me am I wrong?
For tryin' to communicate through a song
I'm up early in the morning, by sunrise I'll be gone
All my homies is waitin' for me
Plottin' on plans that we made and all the fun that it's gonna be
So meet me at 3'
And don't be late nigga
We hangin' out all night while drinkin' straight liquor
I heard it's poppin' at a club
But they say I can't get in, cause I'm dressed like a thug
Until I die
I'll be game related
Got me strivin' for a million, stayin' motivated
Now that we made it
It's a battle just for the big money
I'm livin' wild, no smiles, cause ain't a thing funny
I came up hungry, just a lil' nigga, tryin' to make it
I only got one chance, so I gotta take it
Ya never know when it's all gonna happen
The rappin' or the drugs
But until then give me love
And let me run the streets
[Hook] (x7)

Ain't Hard 2 Find by 2Pac
[2Pac] They say
[Intro/Hook]
[B-Legit] Influenced by crime, addicted to grindin'
[C-Bo] Where I can pile up my chips
[Richie Rich] And niggas call me a timer
[2Pac] I been ballin' since my adolescent years steady climbin'
[E-40] Man, you motherfuckers don't know nuttin' about no timin'
[2Pac] That's right, that's right boy start that shit off
[Verse 1: 2Pac]
I heard a rumour I died, murdered in cold blood dramatized
Pictures of me in my final stage you know Mama cried
But that was fiction, some coward got the story twisted
Like I no longer existed, mysteriously missin'
Although I'm worldwide, baby I ain't hard to find
Why I spend most of my time, my California grind
Watching for thievin' I'm cautious it's like I'm barely breathin'
Puttin a bullet in motherfuckers give me a reason
See me and hope I'm intoxicated or slightly faded
You tried to play me now homicide is my only payment
I'm addicted to currency in this life I lead
Why the fuck you cowards be runnin', too scared to fight a G
For the life of me, I cannot see
How motherfuckers picture livin' life after a night of fuckin' around with me
And if you don't like this rhyme
Then bring your big bad ass to California, cause we ain't hard to find
[Hook]
[Verse 2: C-Bo]
I got my locs on hard hat goin' to war
Breakin' them off on sight, stoppin' lives like red lights
Watch em pause as I pull my strap, out my drawers
And get to dumpin' on they ass, like the last outlaws
Rich, 2Pac and the Click, smokin' blunts, loadin' clips
With enough shit to raise your block in one dip
We bring on horror like Tales From the Crypt
And we ain't hard to find is the tales that we kick
[B-Legit]
I'm fully automatic full of static and shit
Movin' Dodge van fifty rounds in the clip
I'm ridin' shot gun with the tint in the back
I'm plan to have a motherfuckerin' mint in this rap
I'm from the V-A-L-L-E-J-O
Where sellin' narcotics is all I know
I got blow, speed, bleed, whatever yo' kind
And if you need a motherfucker I ain't hard to find
[D-Shot]
Some may call me Bootsy, but I call it timin'
That's while I keeps on grindin' (that's right)
To the point where a nigga can't stop
Too much feelin' this shit, that's why I'm quick to peel a bitch
Whether it's a nigga or a ho, a ho
Get in my way, then that ass gots to go
Cause a nigga steady plottin'
I serves hit for hit, and motherfuckers keep droppin'
[Hook]
[2Pac] C-Bo and D-Shot, E-40, Richie Rich
[E-40] Da Bay, beitch!
[Verse 3: E-40]
Down the steps
Abandoned broken down apartment complex
Heavy metal lipstick hairy can't be scary
Playboy, what the fuck is the proof without the trauma plate
Nigga, what the fuck you got a gun for, if ya gonna hesitate
Best shake and bake all those I-was-finst-to-ask niggas
Motherfuckers-didn't-think-I was-gon'-do-somethin'-ass niggas
Threaten your life, ain't like you love him
Bury your thoughts, take his head fuck him have at him
[Richie Rich]
Check this out
I grew up with that nigga
Threw up with that nigga
I hear he tryin' to ride
Double-edgin' for the other side
But now, my Glock be so judgemental
Back seat of a rental
Keep my name out your dental, nigga
If your gum bleeding and you needing
More than twenty stitches, you behaved like them bitches
Sideways to the race
Heavy in the game
Check the resident, it's all the same
Nigga, and we ain't hard to find
[2Pac] Hell nah we ain't hard to find
[C-Bo] The whole clickilation fool
[E-4]) Motherfuckers hard to find, right here bitch
[2Pac] Why them niggas acting like they can't find us? Like they can't see us and like we don't be at the same spots they be at? It's the same congregation. Young Pac is back, youknowhatImean?
[C-Bo] Nigga be lookin' all the way when he see you and shit
It's a celebration, Young Pac is back
[E-40] Motherfuckers better understand this shit
[2Pac] Ay D-Shot nigga can we get paid man?
Can we just go there and sock this shit up?
Hey, we smokin', and we ain't hard to find
Drinkin' and shit, fuckin' with some hurricane
[E-40] A motherfucker's gonna get his Marlboro's regardless playa
[2Pac] You supposed to
Sideways to the next light...

Heaven Ain't Hard 2 Find by 2Pac
[Intro]
[2Pac]
Heaven ain't hard to find
[Danny Boy]
All you gotta do is look
[Verse 1]
Simply because you nervous, let me start off with my conversation
Hoping my information, alleviates the hesitiation
I can see it clearly now
Catch you smilin' through your frown
I'm askin' baby boo are you down
Although I know you've heard about my reputation
Across the nation, Mr. I-get-around
My temptation got me drippin' wet, perspiration
I'm activated by the moves you're makin'
Baby why you fakin'? Strip naked get tp love makin'
See it's all in your mind, so every time I sip a glass of wine
I fantasize til that ass is mine
Never gettin' but wantin', never touchin' but wishin'
A straight thug on a mission, until I get what I'm missin'
Stop with the beeper, baby, listen
I know you're grown but pay attention
Let me hypnotize with my tongue kissin'
This is a message to bomb bodies and all dimes
Turn around one more time, heaven ain't hard to find
[Hook]
[Danny Boy]
Heaven
[2Pac]
Heaven ain't hard to find
[Danny Boy]
Heaven ain't hard to find
[Verse 2]
Heaven ain't hard to find
In fact you can have it just have faith
Just like a little kid, still believin' in magic
It takes a lot of sacrifice
With all the lonely nights on tour
I need somebody I can trust in my life
Let me apply the brakes
Baby, you're movin' to fast
My conversations are gettin' deeper, but first let me ask
Are you afraid of a thug?
And have you ever made love
With candles and bubbles sipping in your tub ?
Touch me and let me activate your blood pressure
This thug passion help the average man love better
Picture me naked and glistenin' beneath the moonlight mist
Take a shot of that Alizé, come give me a kiss
And maybe we can be better friends, perhaps we'll be closer
I'll be the thug in your life, baby, and you'll be my soldier
And I know it takes some time and you got a lot of questions on your mind
But relax, in due time
Heaven ain't hard to find
[Hook]
[Verse 3]
You think we all dogs, that's why you cautious when I approached you
Been talkin' since you arrived, but not a word is spoken
Through my eye contact I wink and you respond back
Lookin' mean, what's all that?
It's like the closer you get
Baby, the quicker I'm speakin'
I got a flight out to Cabo
Let's kick it this weekend
I'm sipping Hennessy and Coke
Though addicted to weed smoke
I'm fiendin' for your body even mo'
Oh God, help me, identify me truest thoughts
Your hidden motives full of passion
Who would have thought?
Come holler at me baby, love me for my thug nature
Far from a playa hater, label me a money maker,
Straight heart breaker
Baby we can be friends, I can soup you in my Benz
We'll ride, I'll let you floss it for your friends
Once we begin
Until the end, it gets better with time
I'm makin' love to your mind, baby
Heaven ain't hard to find
[Hook w/ minor variations]

Bury Me a G by Thug Life
[Verse 1: 2Pac]
Thinking back, reminiscing on my teens
A young G getting paid over dope fiends
Fucking off cash that I made
Nigga, what's the sense of working hard if you never get to play
I'm hustling, staying out till it's dawn
And coming home at 6 o'Clock in the morning
Hand's on my Glock, eyes on the prize
Finger on the trigger when a nigga ride
Shooting craps, busting niggas out the door
Pick my money off the floor, God bless the tre-four
Stuck on full, drunk again
Sipping on gin with a couple of friends
Say them Thug Life niggas be like major pimps
Sticking to the rules was a major sin
And if I die, let it be
But when it come for me, bury me a G
[Chorus x2: 2Pac]
I ain't got time for bitches
Gotta keep my mind on my motherfucking riches
Even when I die, they won't worry me
Mama don't cry, bury me a G
Verse 2: [Mopreme]
More trouble than the average
Just made 25 and I'm living like a savage
Being a G, it ain't no easy thing
Cause you could fuck around, get crossed and get stuck in the game
And for the rest of your life you will sit and reminisce
Wonder why it had to end like this
And to the G's you can feel my pain
Until the motherfucker gets born again
[Verse 3: Rated R]
You thought it was a game kid, I'm not the nigga for playing game
I let my buckshots ring when I pull the trigger on my gauge
I'm on the rampage making runs for the Devil
Ain't nothing on my mind will get me into trouble
I'm tryna ride no more loves for me hard to figure
Get a nigga, smoke a blunt or it's a jury starts (Break yo self)
I gives a fuck nigga stuck outta luck when I bust
Pull me to my death but I'm a G to the enemy
[Hook x2]
[Verse 4: Big Syke]
I got nothing to lose so I choose to be a killer
Went from banging to slanging, now I'm a dope dealer
All my life paid the price to be the boss
Back to school, broke the rules on getting tossed
Popping rocks on the block was a past time
Pack a .9 all the time, you wanna test mine?
Don't cry, I die before they play me
From the cradle to the grave, bury me G
[Verse 5: Macadoshis]
Straight thug kicking it with the homies in the hood
Getting drunk, smoking blunts, my bitch said I'm no good
I gives a fuck I spend my time in the dope spot
Never had no time for no bitch instead slanging rocks
And busting caps on you punk ass marks
Fake ass G's, bitch niggas with no heart
I'm staying real till I'm 6 feet deep
So when a nigga gone, just bury me a G
[Hook x2]
[2Pac]
Stuck on full, Tanqueray got a nigga high
Lord knows I don't need another DUI
I led a Thug Life, heartless hustler
Just cause I fuck don't mean I trust her
Now my pagers vibrating, can't sleep
So I'm mobbing to the ho's house, bumping Isley
"Is it cool to fuck?" Is what I'm asking
Bitch recognize game and started laughing
Now I'm all in those guts and shit
Praying that a nigga don't nut too quick
Cause I'll fuck and get up, I'll let you know
I'll be a 10 minute brother for a $2 ho
Lots of ho's get mad and shit
I let a trick be a trick, you can have that bitch
Cause I doubt if I change, the game's a motherfucker
Real niggas turn to busters, Bury Me a G
[Hook x6]

Don't Get it Twisted by Thug Life
[Verse 1: Mopreme]
Just cause a nigga calm an' he got style
Don't think I won't flip and
Don't pull your file
But I got enough bullshit to deal with
I'm rollin' with the thugs so
You must be on drugs to the head
Get your ass break down
Broken half baby
I'm a feelin' like a motherfuckin' psychopath
And if you got beef best leave it in the freezer
I'm no joke
Mopreme straight loc'd
And you could get smoked
Your hooker she can get stroked
And all of that
And later be back for your motherfuckin' dope sack
Kid it ain't the type of day to play grownup
Don't get your ass sewn up
Why you leakin' on my blown out
Hey, you're mixed up like a bowl of nuts
You fucked around and got it twisted up
Boy, don't get it twisted
[Hook x 2]
("You know who you're fuckin' with?")
Don't get it twisted
Don't get it twisted
Don't get it twisted
Don't get it twisted
[Verse 2: Macadoshis]
It's the Macadoshis coming from the dark side
The parkside where the O.G's hoo ride
Ain't nothing but killas in the park
As many niggas lost they heart
When my gat sparks
I'll bust a cap in that ass
Don't get it twisted
When I'm on a mission, niggas come up missin'
You bustas gettin' disciplined
And you're comin' up short on your life
When I split you with this mac-10
When it's on it's on
Fuck it
I'm makin' niggas kick the bucket when I jack em' for they duckets
Ain't no thing to let my shit spit
You on my shit list, punk you got a death wish
I tried to warn you but you missed it
You should have listened motherfucker when I said:
Don't get it twisted!
[Hook x2]
[Verse 3: Rated R]
Niggas got problems about gettin' shit twisted
They need to stay the fuck out of grown folks business
Kids get a kick out of bumpin' their big lips
But don't front on shit an' won't no shit be started, uh!
Cause I'm a cold hearted rider straight thuggin'
That's influenced by the streets
Never love nobody but my heat
East side brothers don't hear me though
They'd rather get shit twisted and gossip like hoes
Bitch made ass niggas what I call 'em
Couldn't bust a grape if they wanted
They're soft like Charmin
But I don't sweat varmints
I stomp 'em with my black boots
Just a one-day murder
On the motherfuckin' Rudy blue
I snatch ya souls up
Ain't no damn thing funny when I spray your ass with my tongue
And your mommy can't save you now
Cause you done got twisted up
For fuckin' with a killa
[Hook x 7]

Shit Don't Stop by Thug Life
[Intro x2]
Shit don't stop
[Verse 1: 2Pac]
Game rules often slang to the right fools
Heavy hittin' at this motherfucker's straight spittin'
Digging deep into your brain
While trying to explain why real niggas need to stick to the game
It's the shame got these motherfuckers changin' on me
Jealous-ass player-haters gaming on me
Look out motherfucker, I'm a G
As in gettin' motherfuckers 'fore they come get me
Get down for the right for the wishes
Fake ass nigga, you in shit, for fightin' over bitches
You call that a player? Straight sissy
See me at my show nigga miss me
Cause I ain't tryin' to hear that bullshit
Got a pistol motherfucker try to pull quick
And just cause I'm rapping, it don't mean I ain't scrapping
And if you clip when the shit happens
It don't stop
[Hook: Y.N.V.]
Now my guess is true
Them thug life niggas is a bull
Everywhere we go
The niggas trippin' at the door
I want to dance with you
You can dance underwater and not get wet
[Verse 2: Macadoshis & Rated R]
M: See the shit don't stop, my 9 goes pop
Your body drip-drop, throw that ass in a zip-loc
R: Now you've been hauled away in a body bag
Get your Sammy D said how your blood got sneeze me
M: Yo, you fuckin' with a thug, yo your ass gets plugged
With this hollow-point slugs with ya under the rug
R: That's why my deaf niggas don't play that shit
And thug life niggas be the craziest
M: So when you think about fuckin' this, you better wear a vest
But it really don't matter, we ain't aimin' at your chest
R: Nah we blowing holes in your motherfuckin' skull
Make sure your ass is smoked, that's all the fat lady wrote
M: You heard that fat bitch sing when my shit went bang-bang
But it don't pay when I flaunt your brain
R: Nigga, ain't no plain cane brothers come no show in the casket
Git'n they ass kicked and blasted
It don't stop
[Hook]
[Verse 3: Mopreme & Syke]
M: All I wanna do is try to Mac the hoes
Spend bank on things selling me a sponsor on my foes
It's like each and every one they got the look of death
I got my 9 nigga, don't be silly, watch your step
S: And pussies we crossing when my crew is flossing
Bitches we tossing, and niggas we crossing
It's like a murder rhyme when we hit your hood
It's all good, the punks, I wished you would
M: Wouldn't better to just corrolate what we bust
Instead of kickin' dust gets a press y'all from nuts
Cause ain't no herbs here and ain't no marks
Beware of the water cause they full of sharks
S: But in every state, niggas perpetrate and test
Where I come from fools die for less
And thugs keep thuggin' 'til their casket drop
It's on 'till I die and the shit don't stop
[Hook x2]

Pour Out a Little Liquor by Thug Life
[Intro]
Yeah, pour out a little liquor for your homies nigga
This one here go out to my nigga Mike Coolie
(Light up a fat one for this one)
How you come up man?
[Verse 1]
I started young, kickin' dust and livin' rough
You watch your mouth around my mama you couldn't cuss, man
I had a down ass homie though; we ran the streets
And on the scene at the age of fourteen, huh
I packed a nine and my nigga packed a forty-five
We drinkin' forties, lil' shorties livin' naughty lives
You couldn't stop us, long as I got my Glock, fuck the coppers
Hangin' on the block, slangin' rocks and makin' profits
I couldn't fuck with the school life, I was a fool
I'll play that motherfucker for a tool, man
Tonight'll be the night that's what we thinkin'
Hustlin' in the rain felt no pain cause we drinkin'
Playin' them hoes like manure
First let my nigga fuck and then I fuck
That's how we do it (haha)
It's two niggas comin' up out the hood
Livin' life just as good as we could
But since a bitch can't be trusted
Hoes snitched to the po-lice, now my nigga's busted
The cops whoopin' on my nigga in jail
Tryin' to get a motherfucker to tell
And could nobody diss my nigga
Damn, I miss my nigga
Pour out a little liquor
"My cousin died last year and I still can't let go" (4X)
This goes out to all you so called G's
Pour out a little liquor for your real motherfuckin partners
Don't let the drink get like that y'all, huh
Pour out a little liquor
Pour out a little liquor
What's that you drinkin on?
[Verse 2]
Drinkin' on gin, smokin' on blunts and it's on
Reminisce about my niggas, that's dead and gone
And now they buried, sometimes my eyes still get blurry
Cause I'm losin' all my homies in a flurry
I got my back against a brick wall, trapped in a circle
Boxin with them suckers til my knuckles turn purple
Mama told me, "Son there'll be days like this"
Don't wanna think so - I hit the drink and stay blitzed
We had plans of bein big time G's
Rolling in mob cars, movin them keys
And now I roll up the window, blaze up some indo
Get to' down for my niggas in the pen, yo
Your son's gettin big and strong
And I'd love'm like one of my own, til you come home and
The years sure fly with the quickness
You do the time, and I'll keep handlin yo' business
That's the way it's supposed to be, homie
If it was me, you'd do the shit for me
Homie, I can remember scrappin' back to back
Throwin dogs on them suckers runnin up on this young hog
I hope my words can paint a perfect picture
And let you know how much a nigga miss ya
Pour out some liquor
"My cousin died last year and I still can't let go"
Look at you
Drinkin got you where you don't even give respect to your partners
Pour out some liquor, nigga
It ain't like that
Tip that shit over
Pour out a little liquor
"My cousin died last year and I still can't let go" (4X)
[Outro]
This for my nigga Madman
Dagz, Hood, Silk, yeah
A little liquor for my homies, y'all
We in this motherfuckin' piece, yeah
Pour out a little liquor
Young Queen, yeah
This one goes out to all my mack partners
Back in the motherfuckin' bay
Oaktown still in the motherfuckin' house
(Pour out a little liquor)
My nigga Richie Rich, Gov'na
(I don't care, Nighttrain, Henessey)
All my real motherfuckin' partners
(Pour out a little liquor)
And all my real partners in Marin, fuck you busta ass niggas
Yeah nigga, pour out a little liquor!!

Stay True by Thug Life
[Intro: 2Pac]
Yeah nigga, drop the top on your motherfuckin' ride
This how we do it on the West Coast, baby
[Verse 1: 2Pac]
Rollin' down the four-o-five
Gettin' high, white boys done wrecked their shit
To check my ride
I ain't bein' bootsy
Crusin' in a six-o Impala, drivin' like I'm in a hooptee
A Car full of ballin' cats
Keep yo hand on the strap and take all the craps
Niggas know my steelo
All legit, but I'm draped like a nigga movin' kilo
Shit don't stop, cause I can make that ass drop
Make the front hop
And hit the three-wheel-motion, all day hit the freeway
Take it easy, uh
Let's slide and pick up some hoochies
Ride, right back to the movies
High,, talkin' back to the screen, drinkin' liquor
Havin' big dreams of gettin' richer
I'm livin' that ...
[Hook: 2Pac, Mopreme & Stretch]
Thug life
Y'all know the rules
Gotta do what 'cha gotta do (Stay true!)
Yeah, thug life
Y'all know the rules
Gotta do what 'cha gotta do (Stay true!)
Uh, thug life
Y'all know the rules
Gotta do what 'cha gotta do (Stay true!)
Yeah, thug life
Y'all know the rules
Gotta do what 'cha gotta do (Stay true!)
[Verse 2: 2Pac & Stretch]
Big Stretch represent the real nigga
Flex, Live Squad and this motherfucker catch wreck
(Thug Life
Sharp as a rough knife
Shakin' the dice, we roll [?] with nothin' nice
So the vice wanna follow us around, Raise up)
(Got 'em runnin' as we clown through the town, Blaze up)
(Another one, had to throw another gun
Don't need another case
You can see it on my face, son
But I ain't fallin' yet
And I gotta give a shout to my ballers at)
Mopreme, tell 'em why the hoes dream
Gettin' high of a nigga like a dope fiend
[Verse 3: Mopreme]
Cause I'm non-stop and I'm always hustlin'
24/7, ain't nothin' [?]
But when a young G's flippin' keys for a livin'
Try to make a mill of the time that I'm givin'
Trippin'
Mad
I'm crazy
Can't nobody fade me
And I been goin' insane lately
And everybody tryna hold me back
I'm 'bout to snap
You better move back
You know I led a ...
[Hook: 2Pac, Mopreme & Stretch]
Thug life
Y'all know the rules
Gotta do what 'cha gotta do (Stay true!)
Thug life
Y'all know the rules
Gotta do what 'cha gotta do (Stay true!)
Thug life
Y'all know the rules
Gotta do what 'cha gotta do (Stay true!)
Thug life
Y'all know the rules
Gotta do what 'cha gotta do (Stay true!)
[Verse 4: 2Pac]
Man, I don't worry about the five-O
If they start cause it's all about survival
Just stay smart, keep your mind on your bank roll
Always stay ahead of these stank hoes
These days it's an all out cat race, and look at me
Just caught another catch case, that makes three
My laywer's gettin' cash, off that ass, don't even ask
Why I'm buck wild, don't smile, don't laugh
To the young G's comin' up; Peep game
Don't let the money make you change or act strange
Stay focused, all in together now
Keep pumpin' loud [?] the crowd put my top down
Is that 2Pac, Thug Life? Hell yeah
Tryna dirty up my name but I'm still here
Which way do I turn? I'm strapped
Lost in the storm I can't turn back with that ...
[Hook: 2Pac, Mopreme & Stretch]
Thug life
Y'all know the rules
Gotta do what 'cha gotta do (Stay true!)
Thug life
Y'all know the rules
Gotta do what 'cha gotta do (Stay true!)
Thug life
Y'all know the rules
Gotta do what 'cha gotta do (Stay true!)
Thug life
Y'all know the rules
Gotta do what 'cha gotta do (Stay true!)

How Long Will They Mourn Me by Thug Life
[2Pac]
How long will they mourn me?
Yeah! This for my nigga Kato, it's still on nigga - believe that
We live a Thug Life, Thugs for Life, ha ha
(How long will they mourn me?) We handle this shit for you bwoy
Yeah nigga.. 2Pac in this motherfucker
All my homies drinkin' liquor, tears in everybody's eyes
Niggas cried, to mourn a homie's homicide
But I can't cry, instead I'm just a shoulder
Damn, why they take another soldier?
I load my clip before my eyes blurry, don't worry
I'll get them suckers back before you're buried (shit)
Retaliate and pull a one-eight-seven
Do real niggas get to go to heaven?
How long will they mourn me? Bury me a motherfuckin' G
Bitch don't wanna die; then, don't fuck with me
It's kinda hard to be optimistic
When your homie's lyin' dead on the pavement twisted
Y'all don't hear me doe, I'm tryin hard to make amends
But I'm losin' all my motherfuckin' friends.. damn!
They should've shot me when I was born
Now I'm trapped in the motherfuckin' storm
How long will they mourn me?
[Hook: Nate Dogg + 2Pac]
[Nate] I wish it would have been another
[2Pac] How long will they mourn me?
[Nate] How long.. will they mourn.. my brother
(Half them niggas all dead and shit)
[2Pac] How long will they mourn me?
[Nate] I wish it would have been another
(Dedicated this to Kato nigga, and e'ry thug)
[2Pac] How long will they mourn me?
[Nate] How long.. will they mourn.. my brother
(Yo nigga, we gotta keep this shit goin' on, yo Syke)
[Big Syke]
How long will they mourn me? Every motherfuckin' day homie
You stayed down when the other niggas didn't know me
From my heart to the trigger you my fuckin' nigga
And things won't be the same without ya nigga
I remember kickin' back, you wanted a 'llac
And goin' half on a motherfuckin' hundred sack
Smokin' blunt after blunt, and steady drinkin'
Hung around so much, you knew what I was thinkin'
Tell me Lord, why you take big Kato?
So confused not knowing which way to go
I'm goin' crazy and runnin' out of fuckin' time
I can't take it, I'm losin' my fuckin' mind
So day after day, ride after ride
We'll hook up on the other side
Watch over your family and your newborn
Till we meet again homie - how long will they mourn me?
[Hook: Nate Dogg + Big Syke]
[Nate] I wish it would have been another (Big Kato)
[Syke] How long will they mourn me? (It's still on nigga)
[Nate] How long.. will they mourn.. my brother
[Syke] How long will they mourn me?
[Nate] I wish it would have been another (Yeah)
[Syke] How long will they mourn me?
[Nate] How long.. will they mourn.. my brother
[Syke] Rated R (Double Jeapordy) Mac 10
[The Rated R]
Damn, a nigga tired of feelin' sad, I'm tired of puttin' in work
I'm tired of cryin' watchin' my homies leave the - earth
I know soon one day I'll be in the dirt
And my peoples'll be mournin', when they get a call from the coroner
All niggas can say is that's fucked up
And get tossed up, reminiscin' how we grew up (my nigga)
Rest and love to my nigga Kato, see you in the crossroads real soon
For now let me pour out some brew
I'll be always thinkin' of ya homie
Rest in peace.. how long will they mourn me?
[Macadoshis/"Mac 10"]
We know life's a fuckin' trip, and everybody gotta go
But why the fuck it have to be my nigga Kato?
Another nigga fell victim to the chrome
It's enough to make you crazy, it's fuckin with my dome
Ya only live once on this earth
A nigga had it bad, since the day, of my motherfuckin' birth (uh)
But niggas say they down and they always be my homie
But when a nigga gone, how long will ya mourn me? (YEAH!)
[Hook: Nate Dogg + 2Pac]
[Nate] I wish it would have been another
(Mac 10 in this motherfucker, yeah!)
[2Pac] How long will you mourn me?!
[Nate] How long.. will they mourn.. my brother
(Thug Life boy, Nate, blowin that shit)
[Nate] I wish it would have been another
(Nate Dogg do that shit nigga, yeah)
[2Pac] How long will you mourn me?!
[Nate] How long.. will they mourn.. my brother
(This for my nigga Kato, and all his kids)
[2Pac] How long will you mourn me?!
[Nate] I wish it would have been another
[Nate] How long.. will they mourn.. my brother
{​*fades out*}​

Under Pressure by Thug Life
[Intro: 2Pac]
Under pressure
Yeah, baby
When the pressure's on
Thug life
When it's on it's on
[Verse 1: 2Pac]
One of these days I'll, learn
Don't fuck with trick ass niggas
Cause they, turn
Into bitch ass niggas
I'm sick of being stuck in the county jail
My niggas clown, bring a pound when they're posting bail
Smoking blunts in the driveway
My 4-5 screaming, "fuck the police" won't fly away
Thug 'til I die, you wonder why I'm made this way
I wasn't turned out, I was raised this way
I'm thinking these, are the dreams of a young teen
Scheme, and stack green over crack fiends
One time can't hold me
One of these days, we gotta bust back for the homies
Locked down in the penitentiary
I'll finally lose my mind if the pigs succeed
I'm stressed, smoking weed and nicotine
But what a nigga really need is Thorazine
Right before I die, I'll be cursing the law
Reincarnated bitch, even worse than before
My 4-4's giving payback
My underhanded plan to get them niggas while they laid back
And Big Stretch hit the scene with the mini 14
Serving suckas like dope fiends and lead the whole team
[Interlude: 2Pac]
Under pressure, nigga
That's right
[Verse 2: Stretch]
Never run, throw your gun in the air, oh yeah
Nigga bust ain't no time to spare
Cause a ruckus mothafucker and we fuck shit up
And with the stainless steel razors, boy, we cut shit up
Flash and blast a nigga with the quickness
Cock the 4-pound motherfucker when I spit this and rip this
Damn, my mind is in the depths of hell
But when I'm walking on the street kid my name rings bells
And I never fell, nigga, I stand too tall
I'm just a thug motherfucker who was born to brawl
Giving my all, some niggas wanna bring it to me
So I'ma sell my cocaine, and lay their ass down, G
[Interlude: Stretch]
Under Pressure
[Verse 3: 2Pac]
(Yeah, look here though)
Running wild, I never smiled as a juvenile
Even now, I keep a frown when I come around
Don't ask me about the past, it was all bad
Shots blasted, will I last in the wrong path?
In the dark is where my heart saw the most grief
Motherfuckas is getting shanked over gold teeth
Am I sick cause I'm addicted to get splifted?
Watching stupid ass tricks get lifted
Nothing's changed cause in the game it's a steady aim
Fuck friends, cause when in danger them niggas change
Puff weed and stuff G's in my sock, G
Car keys and Hennessy, where the Glock be?
Times passing, will I last here another day?
I put my gun away and grab my AK
It's gettin' hectic, I can't call it
House full of alcoholics
Now a nigga's under pressure
[Interlude: 2Pac]
Yeah, that's right
Under Pressure, we're niggas under pressure
Yeah
[Outro: 2Pac & Stretch]
When the pressure's on it's a hit
Ski mask, extra Gats, bring the clips
Don't nobody move when we walk the streets
They stay silent, cause talk is cheap
When the pressure's on it's a hit
Ski mask, extra Gats, bring the clips
Don't nobody move when we walk the streets
They stay silent, cause talk is cheap
When the pressure's on it's a hit
Ski mask, extra Gats, bring the clips
Don't nobody move when we walk the streets
They stay silent, cause talk is cheap
When the pressure's on it's a hit
Ski mask, extra Gats, bring the clips
Don't nobody move when we walk the streets
They stay silent, cause talk is cheap
When the pressure's on it's a hit
Ski mask, extra Gats, bring the clips
Don't nobody move when we walk the streets
They stay silent, cause talk is cheap
You know when the pressure's on it's a hit
Ski mask, extra Gats, bring the clips
Don't nobody move when we walk the streets
They stay silent, cause talk is cheap
And you know, when the pressure's on it's a hit
Ski mask, extra Gats, bring the clips
Don't nobody move when we walk the streets
They stay silent, cause talk is cheap
When the pressure's on it's a hit
Ski mask, extra Gats, bring the clips
Don't nobody move when we walk the streets
They stay silent, cause talk is cheap
When the pressure's on it's a hit
Ski mask, extra Gats, bring the clips
Don't nobody move when we walk the streets
They stay silent, cause talk is cheap
When the pressure's on it's a hit
Ski mask, extra Gats, bring the clips
Don't nobody move when we walk the streets
They stay silent, cause talk is cheap

Street Fame by Thug Life
[Mopreme]
It was a dope spot front yard, one on one strappin
That's the way it was way before all the scrappin
Earned my fuckin props from the G's in the hood
Put in work, did some dirt, never snitched, never would
Rollin the fat Jaguars with my nigga P blowin up
Time comin back sippin Henessey
Seventeen years old and I felt like God mad rich
And I had my pick of any fine bitch
And my family was known to be great, seen slightly more
Representin no matter who sets it on
Street power, why you niggas flip and you thug shit
I be bout my motherfuckin grip, nothin else
Gets between me and mine, just remember that
Damn it's a shame, but still I'm in the game
I'm tryin to get street fame
[Hook]
"I'm a superstar..", "I'm a superstar.."
"I'm a superstar, made it by street fame"
"I'm a superstar..", "I'm a superstar.."
"I'm a superstar, made it by street fame"
[Big Syke]
Don't blame my mama, don't blame my daddy
I know they wish they never had me
In and out of jail by twelve, failin out of school
Cause I was livin by the street rules
Hangin with hogs, droppin dawgs as a little loc
I was gettin my respect but I was still broke
Into the game and expanded to the cocaine
Went from double-ups, to slangin them whole thangs
Focused on my mail name ringin like a bell
And even with no proof they gonna put me in jail
Everbody says he's sold and I'm outta control
Motherfuckers gossip but I still roll (nigga)
Bitches want my cash on my dash of my cockpit
They wouldn't know a motherfucker if he didn't have shit
So while I'm ballin and kickin up dust, get yo' skull crushed
Bitch-made niggas know not to fuck with us
Cause I'm livin on the edge, I'm blastin lead
Wanted by the Feds, they got to take me dead
So fuck it drive a bucket in the inner city
In the land of no pity, I made it by the street fame
[Hook] - 2X
[The Rated R]
I'm a super star, made it by street fame
I had to make some people feel the pain, in this dirty game
I know I'm on my way to hellll
Ain't no yellow bricked road for all the niggas that I done smoked
The hood done took me under, a nigga gots no heart
Don't get it twisted cause I'm there with my homey's car
I kill for my niggas, my niggas kill for me
That's the love you get, from the drunk one, you put in work see
I'm a G with a gang of niggas after
Tryin to peal me, cause I smoked they homey
What comes around goes around is what makes it worse
I smoke blunts all day to keep my mind off a hearse
They don't stop stop til my casket drop drop
Let me ride, but all I want, thou shalt not beef or die
And it don't matter if I rap or plays
Cause I blow out back of some minds, fuck the fame
[Hook]
".. made it by street fame"
{​*repeat to the end*}​

Cradle to the Grave by Thug Life
[Intro]
From the cradle to the grave
Life ain't never been easy
Living in the ghetto
From the cradle to the grave
Life ain't never been easy
[Verse 1: 2Pac]
June 16th, 1971
Mama gave birth to a Hell-raising heavenly son
See the doctor tried to smack me but I smacked him back
My first words was, "Thug for life" and "Papa, pass the MAC"
I'm busting on these motherfuckers balling
Listen you can hear my mini fourteen calling
From out the window of my drop top, I got my Glock cocked
Busting at niggas, when will it stop?
Now tell me are you scared of the dark? Can't close my eyes I see visions
And even with this thug living will I escape prison?
Penitentiary chances was an all day thang
The only way to advance; and if you slang
Then you'd better have yo' Nikes on
Cause when we fight it's in the middle of the night with no lights on, hey!!
There must be a God cause I feel lucky
Paranoid out my mind cause motherfuckers tryna rush me
Am I going to jail? Look at me bailing
Coming out the court house, all about my mail and bank
Never, never die I'll be a hustler, motherfuckers
And making thugs out you suckers from the cradle to the grave
[Hook]
From the cradle to the grave
Life ain't never been easy
Living in the ghetto
[Verse 2: Mopreme]
From the cradle to the grave since a little bitty child
I've been known to get ill and kinda buck wild
Pop pop! Just like the part that's in my walk with street talk
I'm running up the block in the dark where lead spark
Surveillance on a nigga every day
Waiting on my daddy just to take his ass away
Now Mama always working tryna make ends meet
So now a young nigga's being raised by the streets
And then the only other one that ever showed me love
Was my dope fiend uncle strung out on drugs
A straight thug, just me, my mama out here on our own
So I got two gats,one black and one of chrome
Now I don't wanna hurt nobody but I must defend mine!
It's all the fuck I got, so stop and walk a thin line
Young niggas be brave
And keep on thugging from the cradle to the grave
From the cradle to the grave
[Hook]
From the cradle to the grave
Life ain't never been easy
Living in the ghetto
[Verse 3: The Rated R]
From the cradle to the grave, I'm glad to say, I made it this far
Many G's died hogs and all they got was they name hit up on a wall
It's sad thinking about the times
Life goes on, I'm steady lost in this land
That's the war zone, I gots no home, don't have no friends neither
It's just me by my lonely so I married my Nina
I keeps her wherever I go, I love my ho
Never leave home with out my sugar, I'm have to plug a nigga
Mama told me not to trust no punks
And kick his ass if he lay a hand on me since then I been knowing
Sometimes I think my own self stupid
Cause I stay shooting at marks, get twisted up in police reports
Since the cradle, I've been ungrateful
My first toy was a gun I got sprung and learned to love weapons
But now I'm through with money, and through with street fame
Somebody peeled my cap, and put me in my grave
[Hook] (x2)
From the cradle to the grave
Life ain't never been easy
Livin in the ghetto
[Verse 4: Macadoshis]
March 18th, a rainy day my mama gave birth
To a baby boy trapped in hell on Earth
From day one it wasn't fun I never had a crumb
Daddy worked two jobs and Mama won't stop drinkin rum
I tried to cope loc, but my family's broke
And my pocket's short so now I got ta slang dope
In the game filled with pain it's a fuckin shame
The white man got a motherfucker slangin 'caine
So now it's on from dusk to dawn I'm gettin my serve on
Always in the spot with my Glock slingin rocks at the Rox
The shit don't stop, I'm steady dodgin cops
I never flip-flop, hear my Glock cock, thug 'til I drop
And if I hit the pen I gotta do my time
Sittin on my bunk reminiscin bout the good times
It's fucked up a nigga gotta grow up doin dirt
But from the cradle to the grave I'mma put in work
[Hook] (x2)
From the cradle to the grave
Life ain't never been easy
Livin in the ghetto
[Verse 5: Big Syke]
Time's movin fast, will I last another day?
So I pray and I lay with my A-K
Did I sell my soul as a young kid?
All the things I did wishin someone held me but they never did
I can't take it, will I make it to my older age?
Before I'm shot up or locked up in a fuckin cage
Lord help me, guide me, save me!
Cause that's the way that Daddy raised me, crazy
Do or die, nigga pull the trigger don't give a fuck
You'd rather be in jail than get yo' ass bucked
Nobody cares, it's me against the world
Keepin murder on my mind and my tec-9
I got nothin to lose, payin dues, nigga you wanna die?
I get high and then my mission is a walk-by
You'd better jet when I hit your set cause I'm comin
Start runnin yellin "evil mind" as I'm gunnin
One in the chamber for the anger that I build inside
For the mothers that cried, for my homies that died
The beginning is an ending, am I just a slave?
So I got to be brave from the cradle to the grave
[Hook] (x2)
From the cradle to the grave
Life ain't never been easy
Livin in the ghetto
*fading out*

Str8 Ballin' by Thug Life
[Intro]
I would share the definition of ballin’
With you white folks, but no
The game is to be sold not told, so fuck you
[Hook]
I'm just living and a lovin'
Waiting for the moment
When you've got time to kill
[Verse 1]
I'm up before the sunrise, first to hit the block
Little bad muthafucka’ with a pocket full of rocks
Learn to throw them thangs, get my skinny little ass kicked
And niggas laugh til the first muthafucka’ got blasted
I put that nigga in his casket
Now they covering the bastard in plastic
I smoke blunts on the regular, buck when it counts
I'm trying to make a million dollars out a quarter-ounce
And getting ghost on the 5-0
Fuck them hoes
Got a .45, screaming out survival
Hey nigga, can I lay low? Cook some yay-yo
Holla "one-time" when I say so
Don't wanna to go to the pen, I'm hitting fences
NARCs on a nigga's back, missing me by inches
And they say: "how do you survive weighing 165
In a city where the skinny niggas die?"
Tell Mama "don't cry"
Cause even when they kill me
They can never take the game from a young G
I'm Str8 ballin'!
[Hook]
[Verse 2]
I'm still on parole, but I'm the first nigga serving
Pour some liquor on the curb for my niggas that deserve it
But if I want to make a million, gotta stay dealing
It's kinda booming round the way and today I'll make a killing
Dressing down like I’m dirty, but only on the block
It's a clever disguise to keep me running from the cops
I'm getting high, I think I'll die if I don't get no ends
I'm in a bucket, but I’m riding it like it's a Benz
I hit the strip, let my music bump
Drinking liquor and I'm looking for some hoes to fuck
Rather die making money than live poor and legal
As I slang another ounce, I wish it was a kilo
I need money in a major way
Time to fuck my beyach! Ha! And getting paid
You other muthafuckers crawlin'
But me and my muthafuckin' thug niggas, We str8 ballin'!!!
[Hook]
Look here, y'all know what time it is
This the part where y'all loc up
Know what I'm sayin'?
Doing 55, nigga, do time
The police right behind
They can't see me, they wanna be me
Str8 muthafuckin' ballin'
Start letting it off, nigga this 94, and niggas want mo'
That's how it's goin down my muthafuckin' nigga
Bulletproof vests and all, you know?
[Verse 3]
Damned if I don't, and damned if a nigga do
So watch a young motherfucker pull a trigger just to raise up!
But don't let them see you cry, dry your eyes
Young nigga, time to do or die
I keep a pistol in my pocket, ready
On my block ain't no time for a nigga to even cock shit
And I done seen a muthafucka’ peep pain
At point-blank range cause he slept on the game
And ain't a damned thing changed
You shaking the dice, now roll em
If you can't stand pain, better hold em
Cause ain't no telling what you might roll
You might fold, catch AIDS from a slight cold Nigga
Best to live your life to the fullest
Be quick to kill the bull
Got a pistol, motherfucker, better pull it
Cause even when they kill me, they can never
Take the game from a young G. We st8 ballin'!
[Hook]
They have you niggas believe you bout to die
When we really coming up like a muthafucka
Just str8 ballin', know what I'm sayin'?
Fuck that small-time nickel-and-dime shit
If you gonna do it, do it nigga
If you want it, pursue it!
We can handle the shit
It's time for niggas to stay ballin'!
We made this muthafucka! For who?
[Verse 4]
To my niggas in the penitentiary
Loc up like a motherfucka when they mention me
Cause you fuckin' with the realest motherfucka ever born
And, once again, it's on
I'm busting on these bitches till they gone
Now who the hell can you get to stop me?
I'm in the projects, parlaying with my posse
I keep my Glock cocked
Nigga, cause they all shady
I finally made it, now these jealous bitches trying to fade me!
I ain't going out, I'd rather blast back
I'm on the corner with my niggas watching cash stack
And I came up a long way from food stamps
And taking shit from these low-life ghetto tramps
How could you blame me?
If they sweat me I'mma open fire!
What could I do? Pull my trigger or watch my nigga die
I'm representing to the fullest, giving devil slugs
I'm on the block slanging drugs with the young thugs
And motherfucka, we be ballin'!
All motherfuckin day long! Stay strong! We str8 ballin

Redemption by 2Pac
Hahahahaha!
(Thug Life bitch, goin out like that)
Once again! Hahaha!
Once again! Hahaha!
(Thug Life bitch)
[2Pac] Y'all can't kill me!
(Goin out like that)
Hahahaha!
[2Pac] Y'all can't kill me! *lower pitch*
[2Pac] Y'all can't kill me! *lower pitch*
[2Pac] Open fire on you niggas
(Thug Life bitch)
[2Pac] Y'all can't kill me! Hahahaha
(Goin out like that)
Once again! Hahaha!
Once again! Hahaha!
(Thug Life bitch, goin out like that)
[2Pac] Open fire on you niggas *lower pitch*
[2Pac] Y'all can't kill me! *lower pitch*
Once again! Hahaha!
(Thug Life bitch, goin out like that)
(Thug Life bitch, goin out like that)
[2Pac] Y'all can't kill me!
Once again! Hahaha!
[2Pac] Open fire on you niggas *lower pitch* (repeats in background)
Once again! Hahaha!
[2Pac] Y'all can't kill me!
[2Pac] Y'all can't kill me! Hahahaha
[2Pac] Y'all can't kill me! *lower pitch*
(Thug Life bitch, goin out like that)

Open Fire by 2Pac
"Alright now, here we go"
[Verse 1]
Tell me, how many real motherfuckers feel me?
I smoke a blunt and freak the funk until these jealous motherfuckers kill me
I'm out the gutter, pick a hero
I'm 165 and staying high til I die, my competition's zero
Cause I could give a fuck about you, better duck
Or I'll be forced to hit yo' ass up, I give a fuck
I'm sick inside my mind, why they sweat me?
It's gonna take an army full of crooked ass cops to come and get me
Niggas know I ain't the one to sleep on, I'm under pressure
Gotta sleep with my piece, an extra clip beside my dresser
Word to God I've been ready to die since I was born
I don't want no shit but niggas trip and, yo, it's on
Open fire on my adversaries, don't even worry
Better have on a vest aim for the chest and then you buried
It's a man's world, niggas get played, another stray
Hope I live to see another day, hey
I'm gettin' sweated by these undercovers
Who can I trust, got my mama stressin', thinkin' it's a drug bust
Gotta get paid but all the drama that's attached
We livin' a drug life, THUG LIFE, each day could be my last
Will I blast when it's time to shoot? Don't even ask
That's the consequences when ya livin' fast
Six bricks of tricks, for my niggas, I gotta come up
And recoup, you keep the dope just bring me six figures
Is it a bust? I hear the sirens, run for cover
Over the fence and open fire
"Alright now, here we go"
[Verse 2]
These motherfuckers on my ass I'm in traffic, will it be tragic?
I'm comin round the corner like I'm Magic
Doin ninety on the freeway, and hittin switches
In a high speed chase with these punk bitches
Don't turn around I ain't givin up, cause they don't worry me
Pussy ass bitches better bury me
Runnin outta gas time to park it, I'm on foot
We in the hood, how the fuck they gon catch a crook? Haha
I got away cause I'm clever
Went to my neighbors for a favor now you know players stick together
I watch the scene from the rooftop, spittin loogies
At the coppers that persue me, beotch!
I be a hustler til it's over, motherfucker
Open fire on you bustas
"Alright now, here we go"
[Verse 3]
Don't try to follow me, I'm headed outta state
I gotta pay my fuckin bills, so I'm transportin weight
Change my plates, pick up my nigga, and now we rollin
Droppin keys like they stolen, hehe
Tell me who do you fear? I'm outta town until the coast is clear
Enough dope to last a year
They got me running from the police, nowhere to go
With the lights out, rollin down a dirt road
But I ain't goin alive, I'd rather die than be a convict
I'd rather fire on my target
I hit the corner doing ninety, ahhhh shit!
Them bitches right behind me
They take a shot and hit my fuckin tires
Now, jump out the car then I open fire, sucka!
Hahahaha! Thug Life, bitch! Going out like that

R U Still Down? (Remember Me) by 2Pac
[Hook]
Are you still down? (x3)
[Verse 1]
Now up and at 'em it's on, I was raised to be strong
And mama told me be a thug, since the day I was born
I came up, out the gutter never changed my style
Got for real about my papers, cause the game was wild
And the fame was a plot to try to change me
And what's strange is, nobody knew my name 'fore it came
Now the whole world is calling me a killer
All I ever did, was try to reach the kids with the real
All the time I was ballin', never heard my friends callin'
Couldn't stop myself from fallin', I'm all in
Shit's gettin' sleazy, believe me
Best to take what ya need, but don't be greedy
Cause in my mind, I see sunshine, I thought
I didn't have to run, now I'm duckin' from the gun yellin' "One time!"
Take your time to feel my record
And if you did, chill a second
My blind method, will still wreck it
My young homies stay strong
I wonder if they'll listen to a nigga when he gone
Are you still down?
[Hook]
Raise 'em up ... are you still down? (x5)
[Verse 2]
I'm gettin' high, so a nigga think, he touch the sky
Turn tough inside, in the rush to die
Livin' life as a thug, time to face the truth
What's goin' on with the wasted youth, please God
Come and save me, had to work with what ya gave me
And got a nigga goin' crazy
I can't read the signs
I'm blind, but a nigga know he need his nine
Cause times, they ain't what they used to be
Ain't a penitentiary built big enough for me
And my niggas on the streets, man, listen
Cause these ain't the old days
Ain't no way, I'mma bustin' my ass and gettin' no pay
It seems I can't find my focus and homie, I ain't paranoid
I seen the future and it's hopeless
Lord knows, it's hard on a young scrub
It seems I had less problems when I slung drugs
But since I'm tryin' lace, niggas with the game
Wanna see me locked in chains, tryin' to dirty up my name
And them same motherfuckers that was callin' me
Will be the first to turn their backs, when I'm fallin', see
I should have seen it from the jump, but now it's clear
This one nigga got the town in fear, but are you still down
[Hook]
[Verse 3]
I wrote this for my critics and my enemies
Last year ya used to love me, huh, remember me
Now ya hate me with a passion, tryin' to get me stuck in the mix
I'm stayin' sharp, got no time for them tricks
And now they wonder if I'm goin' to jail
Just as well, cause my life on the streets - a livin' hell
And I can't sleep, they got my phone tapped
And mercy Lord, come get me 'fore they hurt me
Ran outta tears, and through the years couldn't change me
My daddy left me alone and so I'm angry
I never did nothin' wrong, my mama told me, "Baby, it's on!"
And now I'm hustlin' and bustlin' bones
Never said it came easy, I'm makin' cheese
Buyin' all the things on TV, and gettin' skeezed
Wish my homeboys could see me now
Little bad motherfucker runnin' wild through the town
Please tell me, are you still down?
Are you still down, to raise 'em up? Remember me (x2)
Are you still down, to raise 'em up?
Are you still down, to raise 'em up? Remember me (x3)
Are you still down, to raise 'em up?
Are you still down, to raise 'em up? Remember me (x3)
Are you still down, to raise 'em up?
[Outro]
That's right y'all, give them bitches the motherfuckin' middle finger
Raise 'em up
These hoes can't fade me, don't these bitches know we crazy?
Thug life niggas be the sickest
You feel me?
Now get that shit written down
God damn!
Took four years and a motherfuckin' case for these motherfuckers to feel me
Ain't that a bitch?
Are you still motherfuckin' down?
Old ho ass fake ass niggas
We out this motherfucker though

Hellrazor by 2Pac
[Intro]
Major! Hell motherfuckin yeah
This one goes out to my nigga Mike Coolin, hell yeah
[Verse 1]
Mama raised a hellrazor... born thuggin
Heartless and mean, muggin at sixteen
On the scene watchin fiends buggin
Kickin up dust with the older G's
Soakin up the game that was told to me
I ain't never touched a gat that I couldn't shoot, I learned
Not to trust the bitch from the prostitutes, was taught lessons
A young nigga askin questions while other suckers was guessin
I was ganked for sexin
Elementary wasn't meant for me, can't regret it
I'm headed for the penitentiary, I'm cuttin class
And I'm buckin blastin, straight mashin
Mobbin through the overpass laughin
While these other motherfuckers try to figure out, no doubt
They jealous of a nigga's clout, tell me Lord
Can ya feel me? I keep my finger on the trigger
Cause some nigga tried to kill me
And mama raised a hellraizor, everyday gettin paid
Police on my pager, straight stressin
A fugitive my occupation is under question
Wanted for investigation, and even though
I'm marked for death, I'mma spark til I lose my breath
Motherfuckers, every time I see the paper
I see my picture, when a nigga's gettin richer
They come to get ya, it's like a motherfuckin trap
And they wonder why it's hard bein black
Dear Lord can ya feel me, gettin major, unhh
[Hook]
Mama raised a hellrazor, stress gettin major
Lord be my savior, unnh (4X)
Mama raised a hellrazor
[2Pac]
Dear Lord can ya feel me
Stress gettin major, unnh
Mama raised a hellrazor, stress gettin major
[Verse 2]
Tell me Lord can ya feel me, show a sign
Damn near running outta time, everybody's dyin
Mama raised a hellrazor, can't figure
Why you let the police beat down niggas
I'm startin to think all the rich in the world is safe
While the po' babies restin in the early graves
God come save the youth
Ain't nothin else to do but have faith in you
Dear Lord I live the life of a Thug, hope you understand
Forgive me for my mistakes, I gotta play my hand
And my hand's on the sixteen-shot, semi-automatic
Crooked cop killin Glock, tell me Lord
Can ya feel me? Show a way
I'm prayin but my enemies won't go away
And everywhere I turn I see niggas burn
Every nigga that I know's on death row
My younger homie's seventeen and he paid a price
Little young motherfucker doin triple life
Though I tell him in his letters, it's gettin better
If my nigga knew the truth he'd hit the roof
Just heard ya baby's mama was smoked out, fuck the drama
Wanna break my Loc out, smokin blunts
Gettin drunk off that Tanqueray gin
Bout to break my nigga out the fuckin pen
Mama raised a hellrazor, uhh, yeah
C'mon, uhh, mama raised a hellrazor
Uhh, dear Lord can ya feel me, stress gettin major
(Lord be my savior, unnh)
[Hook]
Mama raised a hellrazor, stress gettin major
Lord be my savior, unhh (2X)
Mama raised a hellrazor, stress gettin major
[Verse 3]
Dear Lord can ya hear me, it's just me
A young nigga tryin to make it on these rough streets
I'm on my knees beggin please come and SAVE ME
THE WHOLE WORLD done made a nigga crazy!
I got my three-five-seven can't control it
Screamin die motherfucker and he's loaded
Everybody run for cover, I cause shit
Thug Life motherfucker, duck quick
Now am I wrong if I am don't worry me
Cause do or die gettin high til they bury me
Dear Lord if ya hear me, tell me why
Little girl like LaTasha, had to die
She never got to see the bullet, just heard the shot
Her little body couldn't take it, it shook and dropped
And when I saw it on the news I see busta girl killin 'Tasha
Now I'm screamin fuck the world, in the end
It's my friends, that flip-flop
Lip-locked on my dick when my shit drop
Thug Life motherfucker I lick shots
Every nigga on my block dropped two cops
Dear Lord can ya hear me, when I die
Let a nigga be strapped, fucked up, and high
With my hands on the trigger, Thug nigga
Stressin like a motherfuckin drug dealer
And even in the darkest nights, I'm a Thug for Life
I got the heart to fight now
Mama raised a hellraiser why cry
That's just life in the ghetto, do or die

Thug Style by 2Pac
[Intro]
Fuck 2Pac that nigga ain't shit
That nigga ain't from muhfuckin' New York
That nigga be out there with them Cali niggas
Yo nigga man fuck Pac that nigga West Coast
That fucker that always with them New York niggas
Seen them with that nigga man that nigga ain't from the West Coast
Man fuck Pac fuck that nigga that nigga ain't really down
Rapin' ass nigga I didn't do it fuck it with that nigga
Fuck that nigga man fuck that nigga let that nigga go to jail right
And fuck that nigga fuck that nigga fuck you too nigga
2Pac (overlapping)
I'm in this, motherfucker
I guess these muthafuckas tryin' to take me out the business right
I guess I ain't East Coast enough for my niggas back in New York
And I ain't West Coast for these niggas on the West huh?
Fuck e'rybody
*laughing*
Thug style out this, motherfucker, niggas, throw ya hands in the air
If you got jeep make ya speakers pop
I want motherfucking police trying to pull niggas over on this one
We taking this one to the whole 'nother level gutter style thug style
You feel me, things that we can only do as a real G
We ain't dead yet
[Verse 1]
Hit me, I got my Hennessy find ya foes
In a room full of niggas tryin' to hide ya hoes
I'm getting high off buddha
Cause the times be slow
I keep my mind on dough
You never find me broke
And who me? A nigga livin' life like a G
In that artillery keepin' niggas off of me
I can't sleep living in these wicked times
Peep, niggas after me cause they see I'm stacking G's and heat
You can holler if you want to pleease
I ain't runnin' with no punk crew be
Enemies and my range is on
You're in the danger zone
My fuckin' game is strong, hotline
You suckas better find ya mind I got mine
From hustling and busting them rhymes
To my niggas up in Quentin
Down on Rikers Isle stay rile
But a nigga gotta use his styles
[Hook]
These niggas don't know my style
Quick to smile, juvenile, was a problem child
Try to put me in the cross, but my force was wild
Bitch-made ass niggas don't know my style
These niggas don't know my style
Quick to smile, juvenile, was a problem child
Try to put me in the cross, but my force was wild
Bitch-made ass niggas don't know my style
[Verse 2]
I could be wrong but I never got along with cops
It's like they stuck from making niggas duck from Glocks
And all the time, my mind's full of thoughts of ends
I'm still rolling my bucket but I bought me a Benz (tadow)
My fake friends say they love me but I know they lie
Cause in the dark see they hearts full of homicide
My mama cried when they took me off to jail
Only me inside the cell, straight locked up in this hell
I hear some sucka screaming like the demon's inside
Will 'em away in the morning, only the strong survive
I cry, but in my own way swallow my pride
Pick a reason to hide from all the niggas that die (Rest in Peace)
Cemetery full of brothers I buried it's going down
Even now I wonder will I still be around
My hometown is the gutter I was born a wild
I came up out this dust with my heartless style
[Hook]
These niggas don't know my style
Quick to smile, juvenile, was a problem child
Try to put me in the cross, but my force was wild
Bitch-made ass niggas don't know my style
These niggas don't know my style
Quick to smile, juvenile, was a problem child
Try to put me in the cross, but my force was wild
Bitch-made ass niggas don't know my style
[Verse 3]
I remember Uptown, run catch a kiss
Listenin' to Mr. Magic
Cuttin' up the hits And even though I had habit
Makin' words rhyme I was caught up in the madness
Juvenile thugs come on
I tell the whole story nothin' but truth
Halloween throwin' eggs from the project roofs
And Pete and Lee young G's with a gift of gab
Tryin' to hook up with the hookers who was quick to stab Remember mama's cooking, no school straight hookin'
And tryin' to get with light skinned cause she good looking
And jumpin' over turnstiles cause we ain't paying
Call the cuties cuss words but we only playing (biotch)
I'm prayin' I can get a buck no luck
I had to move around a lot cause my moms was stuck
I had family but I was way too wild
Had to move to the West to regain my style
[Hook]
These niggas don't know my style
Quick to smile, juvenile, was a problem child
Try to put me in the cross, but my force was wild
Bitch-made ass niggas don't know my style
These niggas don't know my style
Quick to smile, juvenile, was a problem child
Try to put me in the cross, but my force was wild
Bitch-made ass niggas don't know my style
These niggas don't know my style
Quick to smile, juvenile, was a problem child
Try to put me in the cross, but my force was wild
Bitch-made ass niggas don't know my style
These niggas don't know my style
Quick to smile, juvenile, was a problem child
Try to put me in the cross, but my force was wild
Bitch-made ass niggas don't know my style
These niggas don't know my style
Quick to smile, juvenile, was a problem child
Try to put me in the cross, but my force was wild
Bitch-made ass niggas don't know my style
These niggas don't know my style
Quick to smile, juvenile, was a problem child
Try to put me in the mothafucking cross, but my force was wild
Mothafucking bitches

Where Do We Go From Here (Interlude) by 2Pac
Power.. pow.. power...
Guess who's back? Hahaha, here we go
It's ninety-fo', what's next?
Power.. enter my world
I guess this year gonna be a motherfucker for real niggas
I swear these playa haters done got a taste of power
It ain't all good in the hood
Least not on my side, from where I stand
And the law? Man, fuck the law!
Niggas must outthink, outstep, and continuously outsmart
The motherfuckin' law, in every way
Key word in ninety-four is 'down low'
Gots to be struggling
I see how the rich got theirs
Nigga I'm legit, shit
Where do we go from here?
(Who's afraid, of the punk police?
To my niggas run the streets, fuck peace) --] repeat in background
Heyyy niggas, where your heart at?
See motherfuckers killin' babies, killin' mommas
Killin' kids, puttin' this in they motherfuckin' mark
Now what type of mixed up trick would kill the future of our race
Before he would he look his enemy dead in the eye, and open fire?
These crazy motherfuckers got toys with guns
Jails for guns, but still, no god damn jobs
And they wonder why we loc'n up
Where do we go from here?
Where do we go?
*singers singing variations of 'Where do we go from here'*
All you niggas out there
The clouds shook, the world listened
We stood together in April of ninety-two
With duty, and a sense of honor
There is no limit to what WE can achieve
That's all on us... us...
Not my niggas, not the whites, not the enemies
Or none of them motherfuckers, US
What can WE do? Shit
I declare a death sentence to all child molesters
Fake-ass bitches, male and female
And all you punk-ass snitches
We can do without your asshole
Let no man break, what we set
Where do we go from here?
Rest in peace, to Kato, I miss you
All the other real G's that passed away in ninety-three
In ninety-four, and more
What do we do? For us?

I Wonder if Heaven Got a Ghetto by 2Pac
[Hook]
I wonder if heaven got a ghetto
[Verse 1]
I was raised, the little young nigga doin bad shit
Talk much shit cause I never had shit
I could remember being whupped in class
And if I didn't pass mama whupped my ass
Was it my fault papa didn't plan it out
Broke out left me to be the man of the house
I couldn't take it, had to make a profit
Found a block, got a Glock, and I clock grip
Makin G's was my mission
Movin enough of this shit to get my mama out the kitchen and
Why must I sock a fella, just to live large like Rockefeller
First you didn't give a fuck, but you're learnin now
If you don't respect the town then we'll burn you down
God damn it's a motherfuckin riot
Black people on a rage, police, so don't try it
If you're not from the town then don't pass through
Cause some O.G. fools might blast you
It ain't right but it's long overdue
We can't have peace til the niggas get a piece too
I want G's so you label me a criminal
And if I die, I wonder if heaven got a ghetto
[Hook]
[Verse 2]
Here on Earth, tell me what's a black life worth
A bottle of juice is no excuse, the truth hurts
And even when you take the shit
Move counties get a lawyer you can shake the shit
Ask Rodney, LaTasha, and many more
It's been goin on for years, there's plenty more
When they ask me, when will the violence cease?
When your troops stop shootin niggas down in the street
Niggas had enough time to make a difference
Bear witness, own our own business
Word to God cause it's hard tryin to make ends meet
First we couldn't afford shit now everything's free
So we loot, please don't shoot when you see
I'm takin from them, cause for years they would take from me
Now the tables have turned around
You didn't listen, until the niggas burned it down
And now Bush can't stop the hit
Predicted the shit, in 2Pacalypse
And for once I was down with niggas, felt good
In the hood bein around the niggas, yeah
And for the first time everybody let go
And the streets is death row, I wonder if heaven got a ghetto
[Hook]
[Verse 3]
I see no changes, all I see is racist faces
Misplaced hate makes disgrace to races
We under I wonder what it take to make this
One better place, let's erase the wasted
Take the evil out the people they'll be acting right
Cause both black and white are smoking crack tonight
And only time we deal is when we kill each other
It takes skill to be real, time to heal each other
And though it seems heaven-sent
We ain't ready, to have a black President, huh
It ain't a secret don't conceal the fact
The penitentiary's packed, and it's filled with blacks
I wake up in the morning and I ask myself
Is life worth living should I blast myself
I'm tired of being poor and even worse I'm black
My stomach hurts so I'm looking for a purse to snatch
Cops give a damn about a ne-gro
Pull a trigger kill a nigger he's a hero
Mo' nigga mo' nigga mo' niggas
I'd rather be dead than a po' nigga
Let the Lord judge the criminals
If I die, I wonder if heaven got a ghetto
[Outro]
Just think if niggas decide to retaliate
Just think if niggas decide to retaliate

Nothing to Lose by 2Pac
[Verse 1]
The only way to change me is maybe blow my brains out
Stuck in the middle of the game to get the pain out
Pray to my God everyday, but he don't listen
The poverty bothers me, but mama's working wonders in the kitchen
Listen! I can hear her crying in the bedroom
Praying for money but never think would she be dead soon
Am I wrong for wishing I was somewhere else
I'm thirteen, can't feed myself
Can I blame daddy cause he left me?
Wish he would've hugged
Too much like him, so my mama don't love me
On my own at a early age, I'm getting paid
And I'm strapped, so I'll never be afraid
Where did I go astray?
I'm hanging in the back streets
Running with G's and dope fiends, will they jack me?
Can't turn back, my eyes on the prize
I got nothing to lose, everybody gotta die
Say good-bye to the bad guy
That one, you fucked, when you passed by
Buck-buck from a Glock let the glass fly
Do or die walk a mile in my shoes
Then you'd be crazy too
[Hook]
With nothing to lose
[The D.O.C] I got raw when I came to Cali
Got nothing to lose
[Ice Cube] That’s why I got gang-related rhymes
Got nothing to lose
[The D.O.C] I got raw when I came to Cali
Got nothing to lose
[Ice Cube] That’s why I got gang-related rhymes
(x3)
[Verse 2]
I thank the Lord for my many blessings
Though I'm stressing keep a vest for protection
From the barrel of a Smith & Wesson
And all my niggas in the pen, here we go again
Ain't nothing separating us from a MAC-10
Born in the ghetto as a hustler, older
Straight soldier, bucking at them bustas
No matter how you try, niggas never die
We just retaliate with hate, then we multiply
See me striking down the block hitting corners
Mobbing like a motherfucker, living like I wanna
Ain't no stopping at the red lights, I'm sideways
THUG LIFE, motherfucker, crime pays
Let the cops put they lights on, chase me, nigga
Zig-zagging through the freeway, race me, nigga
In a high speed chase with the law
The realest motherfucker that you ever saw
I'm living raw, til they bury me, don't worry me, I'm high
Living like I ain't afraid to die
And if you could walk a mile in my shoes
Then you'd be crazy too
[Hook]
[Verse 3]
Ain't no escape from a deadly fate
And every day there's a million black bodies put away
I'm starting to lose hope, it seems everybody's on dope
Mama told me to leave, cause she was broke
Sometimes I choke on the indo, creeping out the window
Alone, on my own, I'm a criminal
Got no love from the household
I'm out cold, on the streets screaming 'Motherfuck peace!'
I got nothing to lose, and something to prove, what do I do?
Live the THUG LIFE, nigga, stay true
I wonder when they kill me, is there a heaven for a real G?
Lord forgive me, if you feel me
Cause all my life I was dirt broke with no hope
Little skinny motherfucker wanting dough
I hated cutting suckers with my razor blade
But everyday it's a struggle to get major paid
Anyway, it's so hard on a nigga in this city, no pity
And ain't no love for the scrubs that be buying dime
If you could walk a mile in my shoes
Then you'd be crazy too
[Hook]
[Outro]
They wonder what type nigga be a THUG LIFE nigga
We be the craziest, motherfucker!
You know!
They wonder what type nigga be a THUG LIFE nigga
We be the craziest!

I'm Gettin Money by 2Pac
Get money nigga
Yeah - aw yeah
Dedicate this one to all the hustlers
That get up every motherfuckin' mornin' and put they work in
I see you - I see you boy
I'm up before sunrise first to hit the block
Lil' bad motherfucker with a pocket full of rocks
Learned to throw them thangs, get my skinny lil' ass kicked
Niggas laughed, till the first motherfucker got blas-ted
I put the nigga in his casket
And now they covering the bastard in plastic
I smoke blunts on the regular fuck when it counts
Tryin to make a million dollars out a quarter ounce
Gettin ghost on the five-o, fuck them hoes
Got a forty-five screamin' out surviv-al
Hey nigga can I lay low, cook some ya-yo
Holla "five-o" when I say so
Don't wanna go to the pen, I'm hittin fences
NARC's on a nigga back missin' me by inches
And they say how do you survive, weighin' one-fifty-five
In the city where the little niggas die
Tell mama don't cry, cause even if they kill me
They can never take the life of a real G
I'm gettin' money (4x)
Still on parole and I'm the first nigga servin'
Pour some liquor on the curb, for my homies that deserve it
If I wanna make a million, gotta stay dealin'
Kinda boomin' round the way, think today I make a killin'
Dressin' down like I'm dirty, but only on the block
Just a clever disguise, to keep me runnin' from the cops
Gettin' high I think I'll die if I don't get no ends
I'm in a bucket but I'm ridin' it like it's a Benz
I hit the strip I let my music buck
Drinkin' liquor and I'm lookin' for a bitch to fuck
Rather die makin' money, than live poor and legal
As I slang another ounce, I wish it was a kilo
I need money in a major way
Time to fuck my girl, she gettin' paid today, ha hah ha
I live Thug Life and let the money come to me
Cause they can never take the game from a young G
I'm gettin' money (4X)
Damned if I don't, and damned if a nigga do
Now watch a young motherfucker pull the trigger too
RAISE UP, and don't let them see ya cry
Dry your eyes, young nigga time for do or die
I pack a pistol in my pocket, ready on my Glock
Ain't no time for a nigga to even cock shit
I done seen a motherfucker peep pain
At point blank range cause he slept on the game
Ain't a damn thing changed, they shakin' the dice
Now roll em if you can't stand pain better hold em
Cause ain't no tellin' what ya might roll
You might fold catch AIDS from a slight cold
You better live ya life to the fullest
Be quick to kill a bull got a pistol motherfucker better pull it
And even if they kill me
They can never take the life of a young G
I'm gettin' money (5X)

Lie To Kick It by 2Pac
(Yeah, if she didn't wanna fuck
Then she never should've called you )
I dedicate this to my nigga, Mike Tyson
(If she didn't wanna fuck Then she never should've called you)
[Hook]
You ain't got to lie to kick it
To them tricks and them bitches
Out to get a nigga's riches [x2]
[Verse 1: Richie Rich]
Jack of all trades ballin' like Jordan you punk
Fake inside the paint in fact I know you can't
Do half of the shit that you was claimin' in the county
Suckas on yo jock you claim you run the block
Polyurethane busta cracked in half
You claim you folding bank but I know yo bank stank
I lived around the corner I seen you fully smoked
Must I say some more you weighed a buck 04
You sold ya TV for a buck cause it was way too late
Now they sent you upstate and you done gained some weight
You's a baller lying to them youngstas quick
Got them thinking you sick and representing yo click
But you's an old basehead kickin' too much hype
Yo bicentennial pipe it got rally stripes
And if they knew yo identity
You'd probably be the victim of a sticking (ugh ugh)
You ain't got to lie to kick it
[Hook]
[Verse 2: 2Pac]
You ain't got to lie to kick it
Y'all don't hear me
I got these niggas yackin' in my face
About some shit that never took place
And what you see is what you get
That's what he told me
I peeped it in his pose
Exposed the fucking phony
I'm gettin' richer so they claim to be my homie
With them bitches
They be speakin' down on meh'
Hey, it's gettin drastic
Gunnin niggas down cause they plastic
Sleep on a G and get that ass kicked
And stuffed in a casket
Rippin' the shit like it's my muthafucking last hit
Hey they wonder why a nigga's nothin' nice
And everytime I bust a nut I fuck for Tyson
Cause I know the real on the bitch
She got to skit ya just to get a nigga's riches (fuck that bitch)
I pray to God that the bitch don't get no dick
And got a nigga screamin' Fuck That Bitch!
[Hook]
[Verse 3: Pac & Rich]
Well if a bitch'll be a bitch
Then a trick'll be a trick
I've got my nigga Richie Rich and we be all up in the mix
This is Thug Life baby rollin' hoes like Vogues
Stay the fuck up out of mine
And I'll stay out of yours
It's a Oakland thang and bitch you wouldn't understand
This Tanqueray got me screamin' Fuck yo' man
But now you beefing on the strength
That you was thinkin' I was jocking
Hey bitch I got no time for hoes I'm steady clockin'
And if it ain't about a buck I gives a fuck
It's raggedy hoes like you that keep a nigga stuck
So what's up with them low life bitches tryin' to play me
Bitch you better see Trojan about yo' baby (Ha ha)
Trickin' niggas better catch up on they pimpin'
Cause bitches love to catch a nigga when they slipping
[Hook 'til end]

Fuck All Y'all by 2Pac
"Fuck All Y'all"
[Intro:] Pac in a slurred, drunken voice:
Ha ha ha...fuck all y'all...fuck all y'all...I don't need nobody
Fuck 'em...Fuck all y'all
[Verse 1]
Money gone fuck friends
I need a homie that know me
When all these muthafuckin' cops be on me
I got problems ain't nobody calling back
Now what the fuck is happenin' with my ballin' cats
Remember me I'm ya homie that was down to brawl
Sippin' Hennessy hanging with the clowns and
All we used to do is drink brew, screw and common knew
We had bitches by the dozens -huh- we fuckin' cousins
You can throw ya middle finger if ya feel me loc
A nigga just got paid and we still was broke
It took time -- but finally the cash was mine
All the rewards of a hustler stuck in the grind
Look around, and all I see is snakes and fakes
It's like scavengers waitin' to take a hustler's place
And when you stuck, where the fuck is all ya friends
They straight busted and can't be trusted fuck y'all
[Hook]
Fuck all y'all [2x]
[Verse 2]
I'm sippin' Tanqueray and juice and what's the use
Cause I'm a hopeless thug
Ain't no love reminiscing on how close we was
Way back in the day before they put the crack in the way
And heeyyy how much money can you stack in a day
It's gettin' rough collect calls from my niggas in cuffs
I recollect we used to ball now just living's enough
I stand tall in the winter summer spring or fall
Thug for life sprawled all across the wall
And all about my dollars make me wanna holla
Drop an album sell a million give a fuck about tomorrow
I know it's gettin' crazy after dark
These marks keep on huffin' and puffin'
Ain't no fear in my heart
What's going on in the ghetto still struggle and strive
I still roll with the heater smokin' chocolate thai
In 94 I'll be going solo
Too many problems of my own so I'm rollin' dolo
Fuck all y'all
[Hook 3x]
[Verse 3]
I went from rags to riches
Quick to socializing with the baddest bitches
Went from a bucket to a rag with switches
I'm seein' death around the corner
I'm bumpin' Gloriaaaa doin' 90 cause I wanna
I'm getting high and like I said it was some chocolate thai
Mixed with some indonesia watch me fly
And even though I know the cops behind me
Hit the weed and uh I continue doing 90 (Biotch)
Until I get caught another ticket get to kick it in court
Fuck the law give a shit I'm even worse than before
I know they wanna see a nigga buried
But I ain't worried still throwing these thangs
Got me locked in these chains
And hey nigga what the fuck is you wailin' 'bout
Soon as I hit the cell I'll be bailin' out
And when I hit the streets I'm in a rush to ball
I'm screaming Thug Life nigga fuck y'all
[Repeat of intro]

Let Them Thangs Go by 2Pac
[Intro]
Throw them thangs
Throw them thangs
Throw them thangs
[Verse 1]
The quicker the nigga can go on
The faster the nigga can get his dough on
Then I can hit my flow and get my ho on
Them niggas don't know what goes on
They trying to fuck with all they clothes on
Then act up when all the hoes gone
Are you ready for my flow? hit me (Hoooooooo!)
Are you ready for my flow? hit me (Hoooooooo!)
Are you ready for my flow? hit me (Hoooooooo!)
Stop fronting motherfucker let them thangs go
I'm quick to kill a nigga any nigga feel me nigga
You can't fade me I'm way to fucking real nigga
2Pacalypse Now still down with the Underground
Niggas get clowned when I come around
Boom boom motherfucker and it don't stop
Fuck a cop pass the Glock and it won't stop
If ya ready for my flow hit me (Hoooooooo!)
If ya ready for my flow hit me (Hoooooooo!)
If ya ready for my flow hit me (Hoooooooo!)
Stop fronting motherfucker let them thangs go
If ya wondering the thunder and the trouble
Is coming from the rebel as I hit ya from the lower level
Hit me once fucking D M and two times
Popping like two nines hitting 'em with new rhymes
I can make you love me
Best to chill with the nigga cause ya sure can't punch me
If ya feel me let me hear ya say (Rock that shit)
If ya feel me let me hear ya say (Rock that shit)
If ya feel me let me hear ya say (Rock that shit)
Cause ain't a nigga alive that can stop the hit
[Interlude]
[Spice1]
Hey, hold on young 'Pac
Motherfuckers ain't riding no hookers out here
Punk motherfuckers think the town
Ain't got handle bars on and shit
And ya lie to get slapped behind here
With a motherfucking motor, punk sissy
[2Pac]
Tell them motherfucking square ass niggas
Check this out
Y'all finna come up off those motherfucking thangs
Cause I ain't finna be up in sweating for nothing
Ya little punk square nigga
[Verse 2]
I'm quick to spit the shit get ya open
Straight outta Oakland
Fuck the law get ya jaw broken
Ba ba ba bang bang nigga it's a stick up dee
Turn the kick up I'm ready to rip the shit up G
They got me hype hype hyper, am I hype enough?
Pass the blunt motherfucker let me light shit up
And pump ya fist like this
Cause the cops can't flip on a whole damn clique
So suck dick
What they hitting 'fo? Double up nigga it's on
The type of nigga that likes to bone with the lights on
If ya ready for a nigga hit me (Hooooooo!)
If ya ready for a nigga hit me (Hooooooo!)
If ya ready for a nigga hit me (Hooooooo!)
Stop fronting motherfucker let them thangs go
Yes some of you niggas are bitches too
Little square motherfuckers trying to get to who?
Pop pop never made it to ya punk ass clique
Talk shit now ya gotta get ya punk ass whipped
For the bitches that be trying to work a nigga [fuck that bitch]
For the tramps that be trying to jerk a nigga [fuck that tric]
For the rollers that be trying to urk a nigga [fuck the cops]
I'mma hustle and you punks can't hurt me nigga
If ya ready for a nigga hit me (Hooooooo!)
If ya ready for a nigga hit me (Hooooooo!)
If ya ready for a nigga hit me (Hooooooo!)
Stop fronting motherfucker let them thangs go
Uh, uh, yeah
Let them thangs go

Definition of a Thug Nigga by 2Pac
"Nobody's, closing me out of my business" (repeat 2X)
[2Pac] My definition of a thug nigga
"Nobody's, closing me out of my business"
Verse One: 2Pac
I played the cards I was given, thank God I'm still livin
Pack my nine til it's time to go to prison
As I'm bailin down the block that I come from, still gotta pack a gun
Case some young motherfuckers wanna play dumb
I guess I live life forever jugglin
But I'll be hustlin til the early mornin cause I'm strugglin
Like drinkin liquor make the money come quicker
Gettin pages from my bitch it's time to dick her
I ain't in love with her, I just wanna be the one to hit her
Drop off and let the next nigga get her
That's the way it goes, it's time to shake a ho, make the dough
Break a ho when it's time to make some mo'
I keep my finger on the trigger of my Glock
Ridin down the block lickin shots at the punk-ass *cops*
And spittin game through my mobile phone
The type of shit to get them hoes to bone
My Definition of a Thug Nigga
Chorus: (various samples)
"Tis the season, to be servin" "What you doin?"
"Mob-mobbin like a motherfucker" --] Snoop Doggy Dogg
(repeat 3X)
"Tis the season, to be servin" (scratched by Warren G)
Verse Two: 2Pac
Well I roll with a crew of zoo niggas
They're quick to pull a nine when it's time do niggas
Comin through like I'm two niggas, a true nigga fuck a Zig Zag
Roll me a blunt and pass that brew nigga
I'm drivin drunk on the freeway, so take it ea-sy
Lookin for a new face to skeeze me
Everybody's lookin for a nut but I'm searchin for the big bucks
Give a fuck, rather die than be stuck
In a one-room shack, and, kickin back
Daydreamin with the nine in my lap (huh)
So how's that from the mind of a Thug Nigga
Bought a fo'-five cause I heard that the slug's bigger
Figure the first motherfucker to jump'll find hisself
Gettin swept off his feet by the pump
I put that on my moms, word to the motherfuckin trigger
Before I go broke I'll be a drug dealer, a Thug Nigga
Chorus
Verse Three: 2Pac
Short than a motherfucker snatched up by one-time
Make a phone call and be back to ball by lunchtime
So here we go, we in the inner city
I keep my hand on my gat and stay cool, my attitude is shitty
Niggas don't like me cause I'm makin ends
Roll in a Benz and I blaze a blunt, cause I'm all in
And any nigga trying to take what I got'll
Hafta deal with the sixteen-shot Glock (huh)
So here we go, I can't be faded
Happy in the motherfucker, finally made it
Got my money in my pocket, finger on the trigger
And I ain't takin shit from no niggas
I'm just tryin to make some money right
Put some motherfuckin food in my tummy right
I'm feelin good like I'm supposed to, ready to ball
Find a spot and we can serve em all
My Definition of a Thug Nigga
Outro: (various samples)
"Tis the season, to be servin"
"Mobbin like a motherfucker, every single day" --] Snoop Doggy Dogg
[2Pac] My Definition of a Thug Nigga
(repeat 3X)
"Tis the season, to be servin" (scratched by Warren G)
"Nobody's, closing me out of my business" (continually scratched to near end)

Ready 4 Whatever by 2Pac
[Intro]
(Rule number one... niggas die, daily, hahahaha)
Hear me! Boo-yaow!
(Ready for whatever, hell yeah
What type nigga be a Thug Life nigga?
Them Thug Life niggas be the craziest -- run up nigga!)
[Verse 1: 2Pac]
There's no way to survive in the city it's a shame
Niggas die from my hollow-point bullet to the brain
Will I survive or will I die is what I wonder
Puffin on blunts and gettin' drunk to keep from goin' under
Gettin' lost in the madness, blunted gettin' tipsy
Got my pistol out the window screamin', "Lord come and get me"
Am I sick, or am I just another victim?
Unloadin' my clip, I'm watchin' every bullet spit when I kick em
Niggas die from automatic gunfire
Your time to expire, nobody cry every man gotta die
When they bury me, they bury me a G
Rest in peace, to all the homies got to heaven before me
Pour some liquor on the curb for the niggas that's caught
Had a motherfuckin' warrant but he didn't go to court
God damn, and one day we'll all be together
Until then I'm ready for whatever, c'mon
[Interlude]
(Yeah, niggas movin' somethin' in the nine-trey
It's all about makin' money, gettin' yours
And knockin' coppers off the motherfuckin' planet
Word to the motherfuckin' nine nigga
We gonna make this motherfucker ours
If they don't feel me, they gon' kill me
So Syke, get skanless nigga)
[Verse 2: Big Syke]
Am I going to Hell or will I reach Heav-en? (hell naw)
After all this shit I did with my Mac-11
Did I sell my soul? Mama woulda saved me
That's the way that daddy raised me
Oh God, help me I'm losin' it
So fuck it! Take me I'm doin' it!
I need to change and look for a better way
I got a hundred round clip to my AK
Commitin' sins I might die in vain
So fuck it! We'll live off the street fame!
God didn't send me in the right direction
I'm gettin' hit by a diesel in the intersection
I know you're out there help a young brother (hear me)
Til then I'mma smoke motherfuckers
Things wouldn't be so bad
If we got the things that we never had, I'm ready for whatever
[Interlude]
(Hahahahaha, that's my motherfuckin' nigga there
Big ballin'-ass Syke
Yeah nigga, you schooled them young bustas
On how it is to be a real motherfuckin' G
In the nine-trey motherfuckers is dyin' daily so you best be packin'
If you ain't, boo-yaow motherfucker!)
[Verse 3: 2Pac]
Dear mama I know you worry cause I'm hardly at home
Every other night in jail, got you patient by the phone
Wanna shake it cause I can't take it got me livin' in Hell
Like I'm walkin' with a secret that'll kill me if I tell
I live the Thug Life and can't nobody, change me
Not to the brain, going insane, just a part of the game
So much pain in the fast lane, finally a dry eye
When I die, bury me with my fo'-five
And let the devil feel the wrath of a nigga
Goin' to Hell with my finger on the trigger
Now everybody's starin'
Got a nigga losin' hair and they wonder if I'm all there
Well don't blame me, blame the flame that flickers
When niggas gettin' richer (mo' money)
Now tell me if you wanna live forever
Niggas dyin' so be ready for whatever
[Outro]
(Yeah, ready for whatever
Ready for whatever
Thug Life niggas and we be ready for whatever
Let me go like this, ready for whatever
Huh, Big Syke he be ready for whatever
My nigga Kato, ready for whatever
Pain, he's ready for whatever
And my nigga Bam Bam, he ready for whatever
My nigga Banks just be ready for whatever
Modu, he's ready for whatever
Big Serg, we ready for whatever
Charlie Tango, ready for whatever
My nigga 'Pac, be ready for whatever
Yeah, ready for whatever
Ready for whatever
My big-ballin' ass nigga Boom, ready for whatever fo' sho'
Yeah, you know!
This how the player's do it
I know you standin' there confused
You wonderin' -- what type of nigga is a Thug Life nigga?
Yeahehehehe nigga, we be the ballin' player-ass nigga
About gettin' riches, bitches, and plenty loc
Ya hear me?)
Ready for whatever

When I Get Free by 2Pac
[Pac] Damn.. what I'mma do now? When I get free.. oh shit!
[Jay] Get free.. yeah yeah
[Hook: repeat 2X]
When I get free, motherfuckers better watch they ass
Soon as I get released, I'mma clock some cash
Did some time locked down, but I'm back on the street
There'll be trouble when they see me
[2Pac]
Them bitches is foul, take a look at the evening news
And see a nigga gettin cuffed by the boys in blue
Is it a, frame up, tryin to keep me out the game, stuck
These motherfuckers tryin to dirty up my name, but
I'm slippin quick as the wind, it's me or them
Fuck friends my foes be on a mission tryin to do me in
Fuck 'em I'm bout to get out, they all soft
I blow up my new range, and in a rage blow they balls off
Why are you niggas tryin to test me trick?
And be the first ones to snitch to arrest me bitch
Main thang with nigga meal ticket only if you with the real
The nigga will kick it I'll enforce it with the steel, use the lessons that I learned in jail
Rule one: fuck a busta he can burn in Hell
Networkin' with connects that I got in the pen
In no time, I'll be clockin' again
[Hook] + J. Valentine's harmonizing
[2Pac]
Still sittin in my cell as I dwell on my past
Tryin to figure how a nigga turned dreams into cash
Quick call her collect, ain't no respect on the other side
My cellmate's suicidal cause his mother died
And my C.O. is a lady, and I'm thinkin maybe
Me and her can hook up a scheme, to be Swayze
Cause she keep on callin me baby
To a young motherfucker facin eighty that's enough to make you crazy
Now how long will it take, to get her hooked
Got her watchin me liftin weights, sneakin looks
I devised a plan, I'm in the trunk while she drives the van
Ain't no disguise I'mma die as a man
If we make it then I'm takin it to Hell
All them niggas that was frontin while I sat up in the cell
Locked in jail, I couldn't touch her so I planned your misery
The nigga you don't wanna see
[Hook] + J. Valentine's harmonizing
[2Pac]
Stuck in my cell
The pen ain't nuttin like the county jail
When will they let me bail?
Walkin through the yard, I play the Guard
First nigga disrespect me first nigga gettin scarred
I'm, back on the scene
I'm hittin knees in the back of a limousine, puffin on weed
As we game on the drunk hoes
Hit the skunk I reminisce just on the way
We used to play, you punk hoes
What I posess is to be rich, in currency
Paranoid niggas like bitches when they come and see me
Laid out, played out, the nigga barely breathin
As for that bullshit punk, nigga now we're even
But I wait, until it's time
And try to find a crooked way to profit off this crime
This life of mine.. until I get free
My prophecy is niggas screamin, as if they bleed in agony
As soon as they popped my gate
I knew these motherfuckers made a mistake
[Hook] + J. Valentine's harmonizing
[Hook] - 1/2
[2Pac]
When I get free
Hahaha.. yeah nigga, when I get motherfuckin free
Pop the gate, I'm back baby!
When I get free.. we up out this bitch

Hold On Be Strong by 2Pac
[Intro]
Hold on... *lighter flicks up*
Yeah it's gonna be alright, don't trip baby *inhales*
It'll get better... *coughing*
Ay do this Thug style main, Thug style
When this whole beat drop we just gon' run it to em bet
It's all good, uhh
[Verse 1]
I never had much, ran with a bad bunch
Little skinny kid sneakin' weed in my bag lunch
And all through Junior High, we was just gettin' by
And drivebys robbed my homies of their young lives
I never did cry, and even though I had
Pain in my heart, I was hopeless from the start
They couldn't tell me nothin', they all tried to help to help me
The marijuana had my mind gone it wasn't healthy
I traveled places, caught cases, what a ill year
I felt the pain and the rain but I'm still here
Never did like the police, let the whole world know
Now I gets no peace, cause they chasin' me down
And facin' me now, what do I do?
These things that a Thug goes through
And still I rise, so keep ya head up, and make ya mind strong
It's a struggle every day but you gotta hold on
[Hook]
Hold on, be strong, hold on
Be strong, hold on
When it's on, it's on!
[Verse 2]
There's, never a good day, cause in my hood they
Let they AK's pump strays where the kids play
And every Halloween, check out the murder scene
Can't help but duplicate the violence seen on the screen
My homies dyin' 'fore they get to see they birthdays
These is the worst days, sometimes it hurts to pray
And even God turned his back on the ghetto youth
I know that ain't the truth, sometimes I look for proof
I wonder if heaven got a ghetto, and if it does
Does it matter if you blood or you cuz
Remember how it was, the picnics and the parties in the projects
Small time drinkin' gettin' high with them armies
Just another knucklehead kid from the gutter
I'm dealin' with the madness, raised by a single mother
I'm tryin' to tell you when it's on
You gotta keep your head to the sky and be strong, most of all hold on
[Hook]
[Outro]
(Hold on, be strong)
I know them ain't tears comin' down your face
(When it's on it's on but)
Wipe your eyes
(Hold on, be strong)
In this world
(When it's on it's on but)
Only the strong survive y'know
(Hold on, be strong)
Hmm, I know it's hard out there
(When it's on it's on but)
Welfare
(Hold on, be strong)
AIDS, earthquakes
(Cause when it's on it's on but)
Muggings, carjackings
(Hold on, and be strong)
Yeah we got problems
(Cause when it's on it's on but)
But believe me when I tell you
(Hold on, and be strong)
Things always get better
(Cause when it's on it's on but)
God don't like ugly
(Hold on, and be strong)
And God don't like no quitters
(Cause when it's on it's on but)
You know what Billie Holiday said bay-bee
(Hold on, and be strong)
God bless the child that can hold his own
(Cause when it's on it's on but)
Y'know?
(Hold on, and be strong)
You got to stand strong
(Cause when it's on it's on but)
And when these bustas try to knock you out your place
(Hold on, and be strong)
You stand there to they face
(Cause when it's on it's on but)
Tell em hold on, and be strong
(Hold on, and be strong)
The game don't stop
(Cause when it's on it's on but)
Hmmm
(Hold on, and be strong)
This here is black main
(Cause when it's on it's on but)
If you don't never learn nothin, learn one thing
(Hold on, and be strong)
It don't stop, til the casket drop
Hold on
Thug, for Life... feel me?
All my homeboys and my homegirls, stay strong
When things get bad, especially come the first and the fifteenth
Stay strong, and stay ballin, hold on
I'll catch y'all at the next life, we in traffic

I'm Losin It by 2Pac
Straight out the motherfucking bay
Here we go
[2Pac]
Lord help me, save me, Mama keep praying
For a young motherfucker trying to duck an early grave
In the city where ya can't tell the snakes from the fakes
Fakes from the phonies, enemies of homies
Around the corner there's another nigga waiting to jack
He don't know I got a Glock 'til his ass get shot
Like a motherfucking thug disease
Craving beats like they motherfucking drugs to me, hey
What's up with bitches trying to screw me? Do me cause I did a movie
Throw the pussy to me but before they never knew me
Rather die then let ya play me for a, buster
And with my Glock I'm a plotting ass rotten motherfucker, huh
Don't let the movie fool ya, let me school ya
Screaming Thug Life nigga when I do ya
I'm going crazy, getting dizzy
And then I suffacate a motherfucking breather bring me back
I'm telling ya I'm losing it
[Hook]
Said I'm losing my mind
Losing my mind
[ X4 ]
[Big Syke]
I'm going crazy, niggas can't fade me
On the real I kill when I step to ya fucking grill
So let me kick it let me flip it let me get wicked
I'm not a buster from the hood selling wolf tickets
I hang with G's flipping keys and smoking weed
I get the cash and dash and never learn to read
So fuck a bitch fuck a ho and I let ya know
Because they come and go like the wind blows
What am I giving how I'm living what I'm giving up
You can take my life and I don't give a fuck
Cause I'm the trouble most coming from the west coast
Where the niggas is banging 'til the overdose
Killers and murderers, psychos and lunatics
Nobody knows what makes my mind click
Is it the demons, screaming inside of me?
Hell no it's just the Thug Life mentallity
I'm going crazy shit don't phase me
I'm living like a thug 'til six niggas carry me
Death is on the trigga so pull it
I can't take it no more, nigga, I'm losing it
[Hook]
[Spice 1]
Shit was talking to me, my gat screamed fire
The bullet told me shoot that motherfucker he's a liar
I talked to me 3-80 like a bitch on a stroll
When my niggas try to ????
Nigga, I can't get fucked in this game I'm a psychopath
My AK told me to shove him up some niggas ass
I'm having long conversations with Mr. Millimeter
He's one of my best friends bitch ass nigga eater
And Miss Mossburg love it in the back trunk
You know that old school bitch she like to get it funked
And spitting motherfuckers by the seems
My grand daddy Mr. AR-15
By the evil motherfucker
Talked me into taking over a dope turf and shooting cluckers
Said he was my only family
Shoot straight, and please don't jam me
Got in a fight at the club my gat started talking
Told me to shut the fuck up and let him do the talking
I woke up and it was sick to see the guts hang
I'm going nuts man
Shit was talking to me
[Hook] to fade

Fake Ass Bitches by 2Pac
*little kid* Tell me about these fake ass bitches
[2Pac]
Look here little nigga
Most of these niggas be bitches too
But you'll never hear that side of the story
So uhh, we finna do this shit like this
It's like I tell my niggas, keep your eyes on these bitches
They love to G a nigga young dumb and gettin riches
What the fuck you think a trick is nigga
Nigga done stick and wet his dick
And then get tricked out all his riches by a -- BITCH!
I'm here to school you to the rules of the game, it'll cost ya
Think you alla that just cause she let a nigga toss her
Motherfuckin privilege
So don't give up your conversation, give that bitch your 7 digits
When she call ya, ask that tramp whassup
And if she hesitate nigga hang up, worrrd up
And let that bitch meditate to the dial tone
And call me when you're ready to bone, and it's on
A motherfucking mack tonight
Stay that stay strapped cause my raps is tight
You fuckin punks, I hate you snitches
Went against the grain and the game to be fake ass bitches
(God, damn! You can't just hit them niggas with that game
And expect them to accept it; girl your heard me it gets scandalous
But we gonna kick this shit like this here)
Chorus: 2Pac
I can't stand fake ass bitches
Lyin ass niggas and you punk ass snitches
(repeat 2X)
Time to show these bustas who's boss
Run up on a real motherfucker and get tossed
The game is deep, and thicker than a motherfuckin jimmy
Broke hoes runnin round yellin "Gimme!"
I can't stand it, hoes talkin bout they got a man
Shit all I wanted her to do is suck my DICK
So how about hittin a motherfucker on my pager
Busy now bitch but you can give me the pussy later
Fly how I fade her, played her like a game of Sega
Fuckin with the player that done made her, huh
And I ain't sleepin caught you creepin for my money
Got the dick and now you get the pistol honey (bitch)
So get the bozack, knockin hoes back, keep my dough stacked
So where the motherfuckin hoes at?
Punk niggas can't fade the mack, livin fat
Gettin paid to rap, it's like that, you motherfuckin bitches
Yeah, yeah that's my motto
She educated a whole bunch of you old raggedy-ass niggas
So y'all take that shit back to y'all camp and uhh
You sleep on that there, it's like
Chorus 2X
Oh you too nigga, don't think we ain't talkin bout your punk ass
You old fake ass nigga
Standin there wearin all them Pendletons and khakis and all that
You soft as a motherfuckin grape
Ain't this a motherfuckin bitch
I can see right through your flower ass
Some of these niggas is bitches too, man I tell ya
It's gonna be harder and harder to be a Thug in ninety-fo'
But we gonna do this shit
Y'all take this shit and you play this shit for every single
Fake ass bitch out there
And there's plenty of em
You probably got one sittin next to you right now
Bobbin his fake ass head to this, dope ass shit that he listenin to
Fake ass motherfuckin bitch, die in ninety-four

Do For Love by 2Pac
[Intro: 2pac]
Turn it up loud
Hahaha, ahahaha, hey man
You a little sucker for love, right?
Word up, hahahahaha
[1st Verse: 2pac]
I shoulda seen
You was trouble right from the start, taught me so many lessons
How not to mess with broken hearts, so many questions
When this began we was the perfect match, perhaps
We had some problems but we workin at it, and now
The arguments are gettin' loud, I wanna stay
But I can't help from walkin' out just throw it away
Just take my hand and understand, if you could see
I never planned to be your man it just wasn't me
But now I'm searchin' for commitment, in other arms
I wanna shelter you from harm, don't be alarmed
Your attitude was the cause, you got me stressin'
Soon as I open up the door with your jealous questions
Like where can I be you're killin' me with your jealousy
Now my ambition's to be free
I can't breathe, cause soon as I leave, it's like a trap
I hear you callin' me to come back, I'm a sucka for love
[Hook: Eric Williams]
What you won't do, do for love
You tried everything, but you don't give up
(repeat 2X)
[2nd Verse: 2pac]
Just when I thought I broke away and I'm feelin' happy
You try to trap me say you pregnant and guess who the daddy
Don't wanna fall for it, but in this case what could I do? So now I'm back
To makin promises to you, tryin to keep it true
What if I'm wrong, a trick to keep me holdin on
Tryin' to be strong and in the process, keep you goin
I'm bout to lose my composure, I'm gettin' close
To packin' up and leavin' notes, and gettin' ghost
Tell me who knows, a peaceful place where I can go
To clear my head I'm feelin low, losin control
My heart is sayin' leave, oh what a tangle web we weave
When we conspire to conceive, and now
You gettin' calls at the house, guess you cheatin'
That's all I need to hear cause I'm leavin', I'm out the do'
Never no more will you see me, this is the end
Cause now I know you've been cheatin, I'm a sucka for love
[Hook]
[3rd Verse: 2pac]
Now he left you with scars, tears on your pillow and you still stay
As you sit and pray, hoping the beatings'll go away
It wasn't always a hit and run relationship
It use to be love, happiness and companionship
Remember when I treated you good
I moved you up to hills, out the ills of the ghetto hood
Me and you a happy home, when it was on
I had a love to call my own
I shoulda seen you was trouble but I was lost, trapped in your eyes
Preoccupied with gettin' tossed, no need to lie
You had a man and I knew it, you told me
Don't worry bout it we can do it now I'm under pressure
Make a decision cause I'm waitin', when I'm alone
I'm on the phone havin' secret conversations, huh
I wanna take your misery, replace it with happiness
But I need your faith in me, I'm a sucka for love
[Hook]

Enemies With Me by 2Pac
[Intro: 2pac]
Young Thugs in this motherfucker
Don't break up the fight, let 'em rumble
Don't make enemies with me
I Try to tell these motherfuckers they ain't see
Don't make enemies with me
[Verse 1: 2pac]
Some say my criminal experience is legendary
I do what's necessary
Niggas wanna see me burried
Worried, if you coming hurried
I ain't going down, fuck the world I'm a thug
Tell 'em can't nothing stop me but a slug
I went from drug dealing to a shot caller
From off the block, no longer rock
And putting money in my pocket, nationwide baller
Bitch nigga I'm prepared to die, Before I fry
I hit the weed so I be forever high
My eyes has seen so much in misery, So before I flee
I open fire let the lord pick the first to bleed
Bitches don't wanna see me leave, forever thugging
Tell 'em bury me a G on everything I love
And fuck the law cause the raw niggas ain't free
This picture's clear but we can't see, hahaha
This game is jealousy, Don't let 'em change
That's what they keep on telling me, motherfuck the fame
I can't sleep cause I keep hearing peeps
Loaded Mossberg wrapped in my sheets
[Hook: 2pac]
Don't make enemies with me
I try to tell these motherfuckers they ain't see
Don't make enemies with me
Rather fuck with these other other little Gs
Don't make enemies with me, nigga
I try to tell these motherfuckers they ain't see
Don't make enemies with me
Fuck with these other other little Gs
Don't make enemies with me
[Verse 2: Mutah (K-Dogg)]
The game is getting deeper with this I couldn't stop, I'm reminising
And having flashbacks when them niggas came up missing
(Wish in my heart, these niggas they ain't have to start
Now therefore they gotta see in dark
Played the part with heart when we spark they part
Running silly through the court) They don't really wanna start
(How you wanna do?) Yo K, anyway
These motherfuckers wanna play we can do it all day
So I stay (Sipping on my aray to keep my head fine
And I'm where? Everywhere from here to bedtime) [yeah nigga]
And I squeeze when I say I'm coming
Straight gunning on enemies if it's really me that they wanting
(Cause it ain't nothing, Y'all niggas is fronting
Do you really want it? niggas dying...)
[Hook]
[Verse 3: Big Mal (Yak)]
Now, we're in '94, Niggas get bust through the do'
?Cup? in a flash sittin on that ass (And rarely fold)
Galitter tell 'em bout that trife shit (You wanna fight?
I wanna light shit, you lose your life bitch) [bee-yatch!]
A nigga struggle too hard for what I got
Hustle (And doubled every fucking yard that I cop and stop
Hell nah! I coulnd't see it
Facing a century in the penatentury but so be it)
And Jesus couldn't help me out the state
(Prepare for an early date to see my fate at the pearly gate
But wait) No time for stalling (But death is calling)
You wanna stomp on it somebody's gotta start falling
(True, what I do from sun up) is for a come up
(Wake up with my gun up) Cause when I sneak that's when they run up
(So It's time to spray like Ray
And put the freeze on these fake Gs) You know how we do
[Hook]
[Outro: 2pac]
What nigga? Young motherfucking thugs, let's out do it
Don't make enemies with me nigga
Y'all better fuck with these other niggas
And I don't see it
Don't make enemies with me
Motherfuckers is fatal nigga
I swear by the Gods
Don't make enemies with me nigga
Niggas gonna see they caskets fucking with these bastards
Don't make enemies with me
It's for all these motherfuckers that's swearing to God
That they be doing something
Don't make enemies with me
That they touching something
That they being something
Y'all niggas ain't shit
That's on my mama bring the drama, nigga
Young Thugs, fuck the drugs
These niggas making records, y'all niggas best to check it
Cause y'all gonna get yo asshole tore
They tearing patches out you niggas ass
All y'all niggas, I don't give a fuck who you running with
This is thug life nigga, the new generation motherfucker
Young Thugs we chin checking all you junior high school motherfuckers
Y'all better feel this shit, don't make enemies with these niggas
You better be friendly motherfucker, I swear to God
We running through, smile from handshake

Nothin But Love by 2Pac
[Verse 1]
Straight outta Oakland, California where we spark it on ya
Give a shout out to my partners in the darkest corners
I remember drinkin' Hennessy, smokin' weed
Fantasize about the things we'd grow to be
Had a partner named Snupe, loved to clown a stank
Smoke a pound a day, commenced to down a drank
Shootin' craps in the alley til they chased us off
Pour a little for my homies, but don't waste it all
Ooohweee, who popped that coochie best?
On my tattooed chest is where the hoochies rest
Havin' house parties in a crowded spot
And you can tell it's hot, they talk loud a lot
Everybody wanna dance when the slow jam come
Lookin' dumb, cause you waitin' for your chance to hump
Straight grindin', everybody havin' fun
And it's cool, til a fool pull a loaded gun
Cause another dude kicked his Bacardi over
He had to act a fool, now the party's over
Gun shots rang like it's thunder
And everybody bum rushin' and I'm rushin' to get a number
Says she got a man but she's lying
Why? I seen her talkin' to this other guy and
He's a dealer so you know she gonna sweat him
I ain't trippin', I just hope he get 'em, I got nothin' but love
[Hook] (x4)
[Dave] Ain't got nothin' but love for ya
[2Pac] I'm down for yours, nothin' but love
[Verse 2]
I love to go back, to the block I got my game from
And pay respect to the place that I came from
Cause uh, old man still drinkin, his breath still stinkin
He'd love to tell ya what he's thinkin
But I can't diss him he's my elder
He been livin here longer what that tell ya?
And little girls playin double dutch
Still blush, cause she don't get in trouble much
It's uhh, ponytails and barrettes
I gotta make it back home, before the sun decides to set
And little boys playin stick ball, quick y'all
Get out the street before they hit y'all
And as I reminisce, I think about my ghetto bliss
And wonder how we came to this
I help an old lady across the street, the cost is free
I can't take what she offers me
And this is how the world could be
This is how the world should be
Feels good to be back on the streets
Cause I know they got love for me, nuttin but love
[Hook]
[Verse 3]
When I was young I used to want to be a dealer see
Cause the gold and cars they appealed to me
I saw our brothers getting rich slangin crack to folks
And the square's getting big for these sack of dope
Started thinking bout a plan to get paid myself
So I made myself, raised myself
Til the dealer on the block told me, "That ain't cool
You ain't meant to slang crack, you a rapper fool"
I got my game about women from a prostitute
And way back used to rap on the block for loot
I tryed to make my way legit, haha
But it was hard, cause rhymes don't pay the rent
And uhh, it was funny how I copped out
I couldn't make it in school, so finally I dropped out
My family on welfare
I'm steady thinking, since don't nobody else care
I'm out here on my own
At least in jail I have a meal and I wouldn't be alone
I'm feelin like a waste, tears rollin down my face
Cause my life is filled with hate
Until I looked around me
I saw nothing but family, straight up down for me
Panthers, Pimps, Pushers and Thugs
Hey yo, that's my family tree, I got nuttin but love
[Hook] (until the end w/ several variations)

16 on Death Row by 2Pac
[Intro]
Death Row, that's where motherfuckers is endin' up
[Verse 1]
Dear Mama, I'm caught up in this sickness
I robbed my adversaries but slipped and left a witness
Wonder if they'll catch me or will this nigga snitch
Should I shoot his bitch or make the nigga rich
Don't wanna commit murder but damn they got me trapped
Hawkin while I'm walkin' and talkin' behind my back
I'm kind of schizophrenic; I'm in this shit to win it
Cause life's a Wheel of Fortune, here's my chance to spin it
Got no time for cops, who trip and try to catch me
Too fuckin' trigger happy, to let them suckers snatch me
Niggas gettin' jealous, tryin' to find my stash
Whip out the nine, now pull that dime out your ass
Peter picked a pepper but I can pick a punk
Snatched him like a bitch and threw him in the trunk
The punk thought I was bluffin but swear I'm nothin nice
Before I take your life, first wrestle with these mics
I listened to his screams, until he went insane
I guess the little mice had finally found his brain
New Rovers pull me over, I'm sentenced to the pen
Remember that little, bird, he snitched and told a friend
It's trouble on my mind, I'm with the old timers
And fuck five-O, blaow blaow, turn 'em into forty-niners
[Hook]
Bye bye, I was never meant to live
Can't be positive, when the ghetto's where you live
Bye bye, I was never meant to be
Livin like a thief, runnin through the streets
Bye bye, and I got no place to go
Where they find me, 16 on Death Row
[Verse 2]
Dear mama, these cops don't understand me
I turned to a life of crime, cause I came from a broken family
My uncle used to touch me, I never told you that
Scared what you might do, I couldn't hold you back
I kept it deep inside, I done let it fuel my anger
I'm down for all my homies, no mercy for a stranger
The brother in my cell, is 16 as well
It's hard to adapt when you're black and you're trapped in a living Hell
I shouldn't have let him catch me
Instead of livin sad in jail I coulda died free and happy
And my cellmate's raped on the norm
And passed around the dorm, you can hear his asshole gettin' torn
They made me an animal, can't sleep
Instead of countin sheep, niggas countin cannibals
And that's how it is in the pen
Turn old and cold, and your soul is your best friend
My mama prayed for me
Tell the Lord to make way for me, prepare any day for me (why?)
Cause when they come for me they find a struggler
To the death I take the breath from your jugular
The trick is to never lose hope
I found my buddy hangin dead from a rope, 16 on Death Row
[Hook]
[Verse 3]
Dear mama, they sentenced me to death
Today's my final day, I'm countin every breath
I'm bitter cause I'm dyin, so much I haven't seen
I know you never dreamed, your baby would be dead at 16
I got beef with a sick society that doesn't give a shit
And they too quick to say goodbye to me
They tell me the preacher's there for me
He's a crook with a book, that mothafucka never cared for me
He's only here to be sure
I don't drop a dime to God 'bout the crimes he's commitin on the poor
And how can these people judge me?
They ain't my peers and in all these years, they ain't never love me
I never got to be a man, must be part of some big plan
To keep a nigga in the state pen
And to my homies out buryin mothafuckas
Steer clear of these Aryan mothafuckas
Cause once they got you locked up
They got you trapped, you're better off gettin shot up
I'm convinced self-defense is the way
Please, stay strapped, pack a gat every day
I wish I woulda known while I was out there
Now I'm straight headin' for the chair
[Hook]
[Outro]
16 on Death Row
It's to all my partners in the penitentiaries

When I Get Free II by 2Pac
[Intro]
Ay Trusty Trusty, what you want man?
Aw nigga let me get one of them cigarettes, damn!
Shit, come on bastard, get the phone for a nigga
Use the phone, aw nigga get the phone for me man
What's the number? 323-6545, tell her it's Pac
[Hook]
When I get free, motherfuckers better watch they ass
Soon as I get released, I'ma clock some cash
Did some time locked down, but I'm back on the street
There'll be trouble when they see me
When I get free, motherfuckers better watch they ass
Soon as I get released, I'ma clock some cash
Did some time locked down, but I'm back on the street
There'll be trouble when they see me
[Verse 1]
I heard a snicker a laugh, I take a look at the evening news
And see a nigga gettin cuffed by the boys in blue
Is it a, frame up, tryin to keep me out the game, stuck
These motherfuckers tryin to dirty up my name, but
I slip as quick as the wind, it's me or them, fuck friends
My foes be on a mission, tryin to do me in
Fuck em I'm out to get out, they all thought
I blow up like a gauge, and in a rage, blow they balls off
Why are you niggas tryin to test me trick?
And be the first ones to snitch to arrest me bitch
My Main thang with a nigga meal ticket only if you with the real
The nigga will kick it, I'll enforce it with the steel
Use the lessons that I learned in jail
Rule one: fuck a busta he can burn in Hell
Now I'm workin with connects that I got in the pen
In no time I'll be clockin again
[Hook]
When I get free, motherfuckers better watch they ass
Soon as I get released, I'ma clock some cash
Did some time locked down, but I'm back on the street
There'll be trouble when they see me
When I get free, motherfuckers better watch they ass
Soon as I get released, I'ma clock some cash
Did some time locked down, but I'm back on the street
There'll be trouble when they see me
[Verse 2]
Hey, still sittin in my cell as I dwell on my past
Tryin to figure how a nigga turned dreams into cash
Quick call her collect, ain't no respect on the other side
My cellmate's suicidal cause his mother died
And my C.O. is a lady, and I'm thinkin maybe
Me and her can hook up a scheme, to be Swayze
Cause she keep on callin me baby, to a young
Motherfucker facin eighty that's enough to make you crazy
Now how long will it take, to get a hook
Got her watchin me liftin weights, sneakin looks
I devised a plan, I'm in the trunk while she drives the van
Ain't no disguise I'ma die as a man
If we make it then I'm takin it to Hell
All them niggas that was frontin while I sat up in a cell
Locked in jail, I couldn't touch her so I planned, in misery
The nigga you don't wanna see
[Hook]
When I get free, motherfuckers better watch they ass
Soon as I get released, I'ma clock some cash
Did some time locked down, but I'm back on the street
There'll be trouble when they see me
When I get free, motherfuckers better watch they ass
Soon as I get released, I'ma clock some cash
Did some time locked down, but I'm back on the street
There'll be trouble when they see me
When I get free, motherfuckers better watch they ass
Soon as I get released, I'mma clock some cash
Did some time locked down, but I'm back on the street
There'll be trouble when they see me
When I get free, motherfuckers better watch they ass
Soon as I get released, I'ma clock some cash
Did some time locked down, but I'm back on the street
There'll be trouble when they see me
[Outro]
When I get free, believe that shit
Yeah nigga fuck your cigarette, fuck that phone call motherfucker
I'll be out this motherfucker in a few days
I'll pay these bitches back in spades
Punk ass bastards, long as my AK flexes
We gonna play these bitches
That's how we do this shit
Fuck that I'm out, C.O. turn the fuckin lights out!
Black Starry Night (Interlude) by 2Pac
Against all odds, I'm still here nigga
O.P.D. -- what??!
Aiyyy, I got to get my props for 2Pacalypse
When this album come out, niggas can kiss my ass
Did you think I'd fall?
You think you could stop a motherfucker like me?
Introducing you to my criminal crew
Treach, A.D., Apache, Essential
Above the Law, Lench Mob, the Underground Railroad, Digital Underground gets around and we down in this bitch
You got to deal with me on a whole new level motherfucker
Cause I'm gettin' paid
And the more you try to keep niggas away from me
The more I unite with mo' niggas and mo' niggas and mo' niggas
Extra special thanks to my nigga Big John Major
I owe him, thanks to my man Mike Cooley and the rest of our fathers
And there's a ghetto in every city and a nigga in every ghetto
Motherfucker we are unstoppable
And uhh, I'm not goin' alive!

Only Fear of Death by 2Pac
[Intro:]
Pssst... psssssst... aiyyo
Are you afraid to die, or do you wanna live forever
Tell me, which one?
[Verse 1 : 2Pac]
They wanna bury me, I'm worried -- I'm losin my mind
Look down the barrel of my nine and my vision's blurry
Fallin to pieces, am I guilty? I pray to the Lord
But he ignores me unfortunately cause I'm guilty
Show me a miracle, I'm hopeless -- I'm chokin' off
Marijuana smoke, with every toke it's like I'm losin' focus
Fallin' to sleep while I'm at service, when will I die?
Forever paranoid and nervous because I'm high
Don't mention funerals I'm stressin', and goin nutty
And reminiscin' bout them niggas that murdered my buddy
I wonder when will I be happy, ain't nothin' funny
Flashbacks of bustin caps, anything for money
Where am I goin I discovered, can't nothin save me
My next door neighbour's havin' convo with undercovers
Put a surprise in the mailbox, hope she get it
Happy birthday bitch, you know you shouldn'ta did it
Everybody's dyin' am I next, who can I trust?
Will they be G's, and they look at me before they bust?
Or will they kill me while I'm sleepin, two to the head
While I'm in bed, leakin' blood on my satin sheets
Is there a heaven for a baller? I'm gettin suspicious
Of this bitch the line's busy everytime I call her
Now she's tellin me to visit, who else is home?
I check the house before I bone, so we all alone
After I nut I hit the highway, see ya later
To all the players watch the fly way a nigga played her
The bitch is tellin all her homies -- that I can fuck her
Like no other, now them other bitches wanna bone me
I'm under pressure gettin drunk, somebody help me
I drink a fifth of Hennesey I don't think it's healthy
I see my enemies they creepin, don't make me blast
I watch the five-oh's roll, the motherfuckers pass
By me like they know me, smilin as they laugh
I put up my middle finger, then I dash
Niggas don't like me cause I'm Thuggin, and every day
I'm a hustler lookin to get paid
They wanna bury me, I'm worried -- no need to lie
I pray to God I don't scream when it's time to fry
Nowhere to rest, I'm losing homies, ain't that a bitch?
When I was rich I had clout, now a nigga's lonely
I put the pistol to my head, and say a prayer
I see visions of me dead, Lord are you there?
Then tell me am I lost cause I'm lonely
I thought I had friends but in the end a nigga dies lonely
Nowhere to run I'm in terror, and no one cares
A closed casket at my funeral and no one's there
Is there a future for a killer? I change my ways
But still that don't promise me the next day
So I stay Thuggin with a passion, forever blastin'
I'm bustin' on these motherfuckers in my madness
They wonder if I'm hellbound... well Hell
Can't be worse than this, cause I'm in Hell now
Don't make me hurt you I don't want to, but I will
Seen motherfuckers killed over phone bills
Never will I die, I'll be back
Reincarnated as a motherfuckin mack
Eleven, cause in Heaven there's no shortage on G's
I'm tellin' you now, you motherfuckers don't know me
[Outro:]
"Only fear of death.." "You ghetto niggas"
"Only fear of death is comin back reincarnated"
(repeats continously w/ variations)
Hahaha, I ain't scared to die
I ain't scared to die
To my homies in heaven
I ain't scared to die
Do you wanna live forever?
Are you scared, to die?
Or will you scream, when you fry?
I don't fear death
My only fear of death is comin back, reincarnated
This is dedicated to Mental, R.I.P
And Big Kato, R.I.P.
And all you other O.G.'s, who go down
I don't fear death

Bomb First (My Second Reply) by Makaveli
{​Crowd noise and unintelligible muttering that many falsely believe is "Suge shot me"}​
[Intro: Press Release]
In today's music news: the ever-controversial 2Pac Shakur
Has just released another album under the alias "Makaveli"
Music insiders are running wild trying to rearrange other artists'
Street dates in fear of a wipeout in retail interchart movement
Although no one knows the exact cause of the new album
Resources tell me a number of less fortunate rappers
Have joined together in conspiracy to assassinate the character
Of not only Mr. Shakur, but of Death Row Records as well
Nas, the alleged ring leader, is furious at 2Pac -
Excuse me - Makaveli's verbal assault on Mobb Sleep
Notorious P.I.G., and several other New York rappers
Jay-Z, from "Hawaiian Sophie" fame, Big Little whatever
And several other corny sounding motherfuckers
Are understandably shaken up by this release
The question everybody wants to know is:
Why'd they get this nigga started? 2Pac - rather Makaveli
Was not available for comment, but released this statement:
[2Pac]
It's not about East or West
It's about niggas and bitches, power and money. riders and punks Which side are you on?
*gunshots*, *followed by several encroaching footsteps*
These niggas is still fucking talking?
You niggas still breathing? Fucking roaches, aight
Aight, it's the Raid for you cockroaches
Punk motherfuckers, this is it (Makaveli The Don)
Killuminati Style (all day) (up in your ass)
(Bomb first) (Outlaw Ridahz)
Solo Shit, Bring it!
[Verse 1: 2Pac/Makaveli]
Allow me to introduce first: Makaveli the Don
Hysterical, spiritual lyrics like The Holy Qur'an
Niggas get shook like 5-0
My .45 is next to me when we ride, for survival
Money-making plans, pistol close at hand, swollen pockets
Let me introduce the topic, then we drop it
Expose snakes cause they breed freely, see me ride!
Located worldwide like the art of graffiti
I think I'm tougher than Nitti, my attitude is shitty
Colder than a dope fiend's titty
In every city you'll find me
Look for trouble right behind me
My Outlaw niggas down to die for me, know what I mean?
I hit the scene, niggas ducking from my guillotine stare
I'm right there, my every word, a fucking nightmare
Get me high, let me see the sun rise and fall
This for my dogs down to die for y'all
Extreme venom, no mercy when we all up in them
Cut them down, to hell is where we send them
My whole team; trained to explode, ride or die
Murder motherfuckers lyrically and I'm not gonna cry
Me; a born leader, never leave the block without my heater
Two big pits, I call them "my bitch-nigga eaters"
And not a whimper until I'm gone
Thug Life running through my veins so I'm strong
Bye bye bye, let's get high and ride
Oh, how do we do these niggas but I'm not gonna cry
I'm a Bad Boy killer, Jay-Z die too
Looking out for Mobb Deep, nigga, when I find you
Weak motherfuckers don't deserve to breathe
How many niggas down to die for me? Yay-yay
West coast rider, coming right behind you
Should have never fucked with me
I want money, hoes, sex and weed
I won't rest until my road dog's free, bomb first
[Hook: 2Pac / Makaveli]
We bomb first when we ride
Please, reconsider before you die
We ain't even come to hurt nobody tonight
But it's my life or your life, and I'ma bomb first
We bomb first when we ride
Please reconsider before you die
We ain't even come to fight tonight
But it's my life or your life, and I'ma bomb first
[Verse 2: E.D.I. Mean]
For so many days, in so many ways, we've been ducking strays
They delivers, but still we some Bad Boy killers
Got nothing to lose, I gots nowhere to go
I only got one home, see me stranded on Death Row
With Outlawz, it's Makaveli be the general
And I be a soldier on a mission, sent to do what you'll never do
And that's ride for the cause
Yes, I'll die for the cause
You best believe, if I'mma leave this bitch
Yo, I'm dying with yours
Kamikaze, sicker than a motherfucking Nazi
Got a little question for that nigga that made "Paparazzi"
If you ain't in this rap game for the motherfucking cash, mane
Then what is your motherfucking purpose? Narcing service
E.D.I. Mean born worthless
That's until the day I decided to bomb first, bitch
[Bridge: 2Pac]
Biatch
Come on, bring it, down with it
Then we ride
Come on, bring it
Bomb first then we ride
Hey get that nigga
[Verse 3: Young Noble]
Your style wack as ever like you was rocking patent leather
Causing massive terror, y'all niggas lack, you ain't thorough
Half rapper, half drug kingpin
You're telling fairy tales, dunn
"King of New York" like you the motherfucking one?
But I'm from Jers' and we don't play that shit
From the Clare down to North Bricks, all my niggas flipping chips
Getting rich even though it's hard
Trying to creep through these halls and brawls
Without scarred by a revolve
With no warning signs, cause yo, my man took 5
Now I'm the young one with the 9 ready to put in my time
[Outro: 2Pac]
Shoot first, look at their head, burst bleeding
Don't want to hear no shit this evening, believe me
We bomb first when we ride
Please reconsider 'fore you die
G's and thug niggas on the rise
Plan, plot, strategize, and bomb first
We bomb first when we ride
Please reconsider 'fore you die
G's and thug niggas on the rise
Plan, plot, strategize, and bomb first
(Start of "Hail Mary")
Let us pray my niggas
For we have definitely sinned

Hail Mary by Makaveli
[Intro: 2Pac]
Makaveli in this, Killuminati all through your body
That blows like a 12-gauge shotty, feel me
And God said he should send his one begotten son
To lead the wild into the ways of the man
Follow me!
Eat my flesh, flesh of my flesh
[Hook: 2Pac]
Come with me
Hail Mary nigga, run quick see
What do we have here now
Do you wanna ride or die
La-lalala-la-la-la-la
[Verse 1: 2Pac]
I ain't a killer, but don't push me
Revenge is like the sweetest joy next to getting pussy
Picture paragraphs unloaded, wise words being quoted
Peeped the weakness in the rap game and sewed it
Bow down, pray to God, hoping that he's listening
Seeing niggas coming for me, through my diamonds, when they glistening
Now pay attention: bless me please Father, I'm a ghost
In these killing fields, Hail Mary, catch me if I go
Let's go deep inside the solitary mind of a madman
Screams, in the dark, evil lurks
Enemies, see me flee
Activate my hate, let it break to the flame
Set trip, empty out my clip; never stop to aim
Some say the game is all corrupt and fucked in this shit
Stuck, niggas is lucky if we bust out this shit, plus
Mama told me never stop until I bust a nut
Fuck the world if they can't adjust, it's just as well, Hail Mary
[Hook: 2Pac]
Come with me
Hail Mary nigga, run quick see
What do we have here now
Do you wanna ride or die
La-lalala-la-la-la-la
Come with me
Hail Mary nigga, run quick see
What do we have here now
Do you wanna ride or die
La-lalala-la-la-la-la
[Verse 2: 2Pac]
Penitentiaries is packed with promise-makers
Never realize the precious time that bitch niggas is wasting
Institutionalized, I live my life a product made to crumble
But too hardened for a smile, we're too crazy to be humble: we ballin''
Catch me father please, cause I'm fallin' in the liquor store
Pass the Hennessy I hear ya callin', can I get some more?
Hell, 'til I reach Hell, I ain't scared
Mama checking in my bedroom, I ain't there
I got a head with no screws in it, what can I do?
One life to live but I got nothing to lose
Just me and you on a one way trip to prison
Selling drugs, we all wrapped up in this living life as thugs
To my homeboys in Clinton Max doing their bid
Raise hell to this real shit and feel this
When they turn out the lights, I'll be there in the dark
Thuggin' eternal through my heart
Now hail Mary nigga
[Hook: 2Pac]
Come with me
Hail Mary nigga, run quick see
What do we have here now
Do you wanna ride or die
La-lalala-la-la-la-la
Come with me
Hail Mary nigga, run quick see
What do we have here now
Do you wanna ride or die
La-lalala-la-la-la-la
[Verse 3: Kastro]
They got a APB out on my thug family
Since Outlawz run these streets like these scandalous freaks
Our enemies die now, walk around half dead
Head down, K-blasted off of Hennessy and Thai chronic
Mixed in, now I'm twisted, blistered and high
Visions of me, thug-living, getting me by
Forever live, and I multiply, survived by thugs
When I die they won't cry unless they coming with slugs
[Young Noble]
Peep the whole scene and whatever's going on around me
Brain kind of cloudy, smoked out, feeling rowdy
Ready to wet the party up, and whoever and that mothafucka
Nasty new street slugger, my heat seeks suckers
On the regular, mashing in a stolen Black Ac' Integra
Cocked back, 60 seconds til the draw that's when I'm deadin' ya feet first
You've got a nice Gat but my heat's worse
From a thug to preaching church
I gave you love, now you eating dirt
Needing work and I ain't the nigga to put you on
Cause word is bond: when I was broke I had to hustle 'til dawn
That's when sun came up, there's only one way up
Hold your head and stay up
To all my niggas get your pay and weight up
[Bridge: Kadafi]
If it's on then it's on, we break beat-breaks
Outlawz on a paper chase, can you relate?
To this shit I don't got be the shit I gotta take
Dealing with fate, hoping God don't close the gate
If it's on then it's on, we break beat-breaks
Outlawz on a paper chase, can you relate?
To this shit I don't got be the shit I gotta take
Dealing with fate, hoping God don't close the gate
[Hook: 2Pac]
Come with me
Hail Mary nigga, run quick see
What do we have here now
Do you wanna ride or die
La-lalala-la-la-la-la
[During Hook: Prince Ital Joe]
We've been traveling on this weary road
Sometimes life can take a heavy load
But we ride, ride it like a bullet
Hail Mary, hail mary
We won't worry, everything well curry
Free like the bird in the tree
We won't worry, everything well curry
Yes we free like the bird in the tree
We running from the penitentiary
This is the time for we liberty
Hail Mary, hail Mary
[Hook: 2Pac]
Come with me
Hail Mary nigga, run quick see
What do we have here now
Do you wanna ride or die
La-lalala-la-la-la-la
Come with me
Hail Mary nigga, run quick see
What do we have here now
Do you wanna ride or die
La-lalala-la-la-la-la
Come with me
Hail Mary nigga, run quick see
What do we have here now
Do you wanna ride or die
La-lalala-la-la-la-la
[Outro]
Westside, Outlawz
Makaveli the Don, solo
Killuminati, the 7 days

Toss It Up by Makaveli
[Intro: 2Pac]
The money behind the dreams
My right hand, my other Capo in this big motherfuckin' war we got
My other Capo in this big-ass
Conglomerate called Death Row
Snoop motherfuckin Dogg, Tha Doggfather
And who's he coming through right now?
Makaveli the Don
Feel this, Killuminati
[Verse 1: 2Pac]
Lord have mercy, father help us all
Since you supplied your phone number, I can't help but call
Time for action, conversating, we relaxing, kicking back
Got you curious for thug passion, now picture that
Tongue-kissing, hand full of hair, look in my eyes
Time to make the bed rock, baby look how it rise
Me and you moving in the nude, do it in the living room
Sweating up the sheets, it's the Thug in me
I mean no disrespecting when I tongue-kiss your neck
I go a long way to get you wet, what you expect?
Late night, hit the highway, drop the top
I pull over, getting busy in the parking lot
And don't you love it how I lick your hips and glide?
Kiss you soft on your stomach, push my love inside
Got you lost in a love zone, stuck in the lust
I got the bedroom shaking, back-breaking
When we're tossing it up
[Danny Boy]
Feel this baby, I like the way it's going down
When nobody's around, slip-slide ride
Giving me that nice smile
Female I like, what I want to give all night
You and me alone, everybody's gone, toss it up
Baby let's get it on!
[Jojo]
I like the way you please me, baby
The sexy way you tease me, shorty
The way you move your body
It really drives me crazy
Your body hypnotizing, your smell is so exciting
So baby come on home with me
I like the way you give it to me, baby
[Hook: Danny Boy & JoJo]
I like the way you give it to me
Let me see you toss it up
I like the way you give it to me
Let me see you toss it up
I like the way you give it to me
Let me see you toss it up
I like the way you give it to me
Let me see you toss it up
[Bridge]
Play on, play on, play on, play on
Play on, play on, play on, play on
Play on, play on, play on, play on
Play on, play on, play on, play on
[Verse 2: K-Ci]
Oh, it's K-Ci baby, mmm, that want you lady
Oh, don't act so shady
Baby, your taste as fine as gravy
The way you move that thang, you make me wanna sang
Girl you make my bells rang, make them go ting-a-ling!
[Aaron Hall]
Nasty man, I'm here again
Don't want it to ever end
It's feeling too good
Gimme some more, oh lady, lady
Your body the kind I like-ah
Big booty titillating delight-ah
Back it up yo, let me in there
Toss it up for me
[Hook: K-Ci & Aaron Hall]
I like the way you give it to me
Let me see you toss it up
I like the way you give it to me
Let me see you toss it up
I like the way you give it to me
Let me see you toss it up
I like the way you give it to me
Let me see you toss it up
So won't you play on
[Verse 3: 2Pac]
How do you want it? What's your phone number? I get around
Cali Love to my true Thugs, picture me now
Still down for that Death Row sound, searching for paydays
No longer Dre Day: arrivederci
Blown and forgotten, rotten for plotting Child's Play
Check your sexuality, as fruity as this Alize
Quick to jump ship, punk trick, what a dumb move
Cross Death Row, now who you gonna run to?
Looking for suckers cause you similar
Pretending to be hard, oh my God, check your temperature
Screaming "Compton", but you can't return, you ain't heard?
Brothers pissed cause you switched and escaped to the burbs
Mob on to this new era, cause we untouchable
Still can't believe that you got 'Pac rushing you
Up in you, bless the real, all the rest get killed
Who can you trust? Only time reveals
Toss it up
[Hook]
Let me see you toss it up
Let me see you toss it up
Let me see you toss it up
Let me see you toss it up
[Outro: 2Pac]
Yeah no doubt
Toss it up now
Play on playa, play on
How can some non-players do a song about tossing it up
And then want to do a player song?
(you so fat, you and Lil' Kim need a weight scale to lay down in bed
We are not little kids, you fat ass, you feelin' threatened)
How can non-players do it? (you know who I'm talking bout)
Teddy Riley, who? Puffy? who?
Puffy, I read your little interview buddy, c'mon
You still ain't touching us, all that peace talk
I don't care if you kiss my ass from here to across the street, boy
It's on! Toss it up, we took you on
And we took y'all beat (toss it up)
You know who beat we took, and we took y'all beat
Cause you wasn't rocking it right! (toss it up now)
Tired of suckers rocking beats that don't belong to them, toss it up, it's on, it's out there now, it's our beat now
Yeah, toss it up now!

To Live & Die in L.A. by Makaveli
[Intro]
“Street Science, you’re on the air. What do you feel when you hear a record like 2Pac’s new one?”
“I love 2Pac’s new record”
“Right, but don’t you feel like that creates — ahh— tension between East and West? I mean, he’s talking about killing people, ‘I had sex with your wife’ — and not in those words. But he’s talking about, ‘I wanna see you deceased’..."
[Verse 1: 2Pac Makaveli]
To live and die in L.A., where everyday we try to fatten our pockets
Us niggas hustle for the cash so it's hard to knock it
Everybody got they own thang, currency chasin'
Worldwide through the hard times, worrying faces
Shed tears as we bury niggas close to heart
Who was a friend is now a ghost in the dark
Cold hearted bout it, nigga got smoked by a fiend
Trying to floss on him blind to a broken man's dream
A hard lesson
Court cases keep me guessin'
Plea bargain ain't an option now, so I'm stressin'
Cost me more to be free than a life in the pen
Making money off of cuss words, writing again
Learn how to think ahead, so I fight with my pen
Late night down sunset liking the scene
What's the worst they could do to a nigga?
Got me lost in hell
To live and die in L.A. on bail
My angel sing
[Hook: Val Young]
To Live and Die in L.A., it's the place to be. You've got to be there to know it, everybody wanna see. (Repeat)
[Verse 2: 2Pac]
It's the City of Angels and constant danger
South Central L.A., can't get no stranger
Full of drama like a soap opera, on the curb
Watching the ghetto bird helicopters, I observe
So many niggas getting three strikes, tossed in jail
I swear the pen right across from hell
I can't cry cause it's on now
I'm just a nigga on his own now
Living life thug style
So I can't smile
Writing to my peoples when they ask for pictures
Thinking Cali just fun and bitches
Better learn about the dress code, B's and C's
All them other niggas copycats, these is G's
I love Cali like I love women
Cause every nigga in LA got a little bit of thug in him
We might fight amongst each other... but I promise you this:
We'll burn this bitch down, get us pissed
To live and die in LA
Let my angel sing
[Hook]
[Verse 3: 2Pac]
It wouldn't be L.A. without Mexicans
Black love, brown pride and the sets again
Pete Wilson trying to see us all broke
I'm on some bullshit out for everything they owe
Remember K-day?
Weekends, Crenshaw, MLK?
Automatics rang free, niggas lost they way
Gang signs being shown, nigga, love your hood!
But recognize and it's all good
Where the weed at?
Niggas gettin' shurrmed out
Snoop Dogg in this muthafucka permed out
M.O.B, Big Suge in the Lo-Lo, bounce and turn
Dogg Pound in the Lex with a ounce to burn
Got them Watts niggas with me, O.F.T.B
They got some hash, took the stash, left the rest for me
Neckbone, Tre, Herron, Big Buntry too
Big Rock got knocked, but this one's for you
I hit the studio and drop a jewel, hoping it pay
Getting high, watching time fly: to live and die in LA
Let my angel sing
[Outro: 2Pac]
This go out for 92.3, and 106
All the radio stations that be bumping my shit
Making my shit sells katruple quitraple platinum
This go out to all the magazines that support a nigga
All the real motherfuckers
All the stores, the mom and pop spots
A&R people, all y'all motherfuckers
L.A., California Love part motherfucking two
Without gay ass Dre

Blasphemy by 2Pac
{​*"To Live & Die in L.A." fades out*}​
[Snipped of a religious TV show]
God has a plan -- and the bible unfolds that wonderful plan
Through the message of prophecy
God sent Jesus into this world to be our saviour
And that Christ is returning, someday soon
To unfold the wonderful plan of eternity, for my life and your life
As long as we're cooperating with God
By accepting Jesus Christ as our personal Lord and saviour
Unless the Lord does return in the coming seven days
We'll see you next time here on This Week in Bible Prophecy
[2Pac]
2Pac don't start that blasphemy in here!
Makaveli, the new breed -- and I remember what my pops told me
The new word, follow me -- remember what my pops told me
My family tree, consists of drug dealers, thugs and killers
Strugglin, known to hustle screamin fuck they feelings
I got advice from my father, all he told me was this
Niggas, get off your ass if you plan to be rich
There's ten rules to the game, but I'll share with you two
Know, niggas gon' hate you for whatever you do
Now rule one -- get your cash on, M.O.B
That's Money Over Bitches, cause they breed envy
Now rule two is a hard one; watch for phonies
Keep yo', enemies close nigga, watch yo' homies
It seemed a little unimportant, when he told me I smiled
Picture jewels being handed, to an innocent child
I never knew in my lifetime I'd live by these rules
Initiated as an outlaw, studying rules
Now papa ain't around, so I gotta recall
Or come to grips with bein written on my enemy's walls (rest in peace)
Promised if I have a seed, I'mma guide him right
Dear Lord don't let me die tonight
I got words for my comrades, listen and learn
Ain't nuttin free, get back what you earned, no doubt
Gettin higher than a motherfucker, bless me please
This Thug Life'll be the death of me, c'mon, yeah
And I remember what my papa told me
Remember what my papa told me, blasphemy
[Hook: Prince Ital]
Love for dem dat steal in the name of da Lord
Dem a tell nuff lie but holdin my bird in a cloud
Using the name of the Lord in vain
While de people in de ghetto, feel nuff pain
[2Pac]
We probably in Hell already, our dumb asses not knowin
Everybody kissin ass to go to heaven ain't goin
Put my soul on it, I'm fightin devil niggas daily
Plus the media be crucifying brothers severely
Tell me I ain't God's son, nigga mom a virgin
We got evicted had to leave the burbs, back in the ghetto
Doin wild shit, lookin at the sun don't pay
Criminal mind all the time, wait for Judgment Day
They say Moses split the Red Sea
I split the blunt and rolled the fat one up deadly -- Babylon beware
Comin' for the Pharoah's kids, retaliation
Makin' legends off the shit we did, still bullshittin'
Niggas in Jerusalem, waiting for signs
"God coming" she's just taking her time, haha
Living by the Nile while the water flow
I’m contemplatin' plots wondering where the thought’ll go
Brothas getting shot, comin back resurrected
It's just that raw shit, nigga check it (that raw shit)
And I remember what my papa told me
Remember what my papa told me, blasphemy
[Hook]
[2Pac]
The preacher want me buried why? Cause I know he a liar
Have you ever seen a crackhead, that's eternal fire
Why you got these kids' minds, thinkin that they evil?
While the preacher bein' freaky you say "honor God's people"
Should we cry, when the Pope die, my request
We should cry if they cried when we buried Malcolm X
Mama tell me am I wrong, is God just another cop
Waitin to beat my ass if I don't go pop?
Memories of a past time, givin up cash
To the leaders, knowin damn well, they ain't gonna feed us
In my brain how can you explain time in B.C
It's hard enough to live now, in these times of greed
They say Jesus is a kind man, well he should understand
Times in this crime land, my Thug nation
Do what'chu gotta do but know you gotta change
Try to find a way to make it out the game
I leave this and hope God can see my heart is pure
Is heaven just another door? I leave this here
I leave this and hope God see my heart is pure
Is heaven just another door? And my people say
[Hook] - 4X
Our father, who art in heaven
Hallow be thy name
Thy kingdom come, thy will be done
In earth, as it is in heaven
Give us this day, our daily bread
As we give up our debts
As we forgive our debt-ors
Lead us not into temptation
But deliver us, unevil
For God, is the kingdom, and the power
And the glory forever, and ever, and ever

Life Of An Outlaw by Makaveli
[Hook]
In the life we live as thugs
Everbody fuckin' with us so can't you
See it's hard to be a man
Ridin' with my gun in hand
[Verse 1: 2Pac]
Why explain the game
Niggas ain't listenin', stuck in positions
If victims can't stand the heat then stay the fuck out the kitchen
Have these busters switchin', lookin' at me mean
Itchin', givin' suckers plenty space
Have these bitch niggas snitchin'
Where are we now
Guns found daily
The feds surely hope that they could finally nail me
For sellin' dope they backwards
Make tracks burst whenever I rap
Attack
Words bein' known to explode on contact
Extreme at times
Blinded by my passion and fury
Look at me laugh at my competition's flashin' my jewelry
You'd stay silent if you niggas knew me
Truely effective
The shit you heard ain't do me justice
Got a death wish, bitch
Run up, face me and trace with an infared beam
It seems niggas ain't recognize my team
Ain't nobody holdin' you back, explode the track to confetti
Unload it
Cause niggas ain't ready
The life of an outlaw
[Hook]
[Verse 2: 2Pac]
Code 3
Attack formation
Pull out your pistols
Keep an eye out for the devils cause they itchin' to get you
Mercy to this madman screamin' kamikaze in tongue
Automatic gunfire makin' all my enemies run
Who should I call when I'm shot and bleedin'
Indeed the possibility has part a chase in cream
Dope got me hatin' fiends
Scheme with my team, just a chosen few
My foes victim of explosives
Come closer
Exhale the fumes
We got memories fadin' fast
A slave for cash
Accelerate, mash, blast, then dash
Don't look now. How you like it, raw
Niggas ain't ready for the wrath of the outlaws
Never surrender
Death before dishonor stay free
I'm thugged out
Fuck the world cause this is how they made me
Scarred but still breathin'
Believe in me and you could see the victory
A warrior with jewels
Can you picture me
Life of and outlaw
[Hook w/ 2Pac talking]
Yes, No doubt, Soldiers in position
Yes, Can you picture this, attack formation
No retreat, no surrender
[Verse 3: Young Noble]
City under siege
It's like I can't even breathe
I'm from the state of car thieves
G, deep from the street
Plenty beef
I play for keeps, arrange the whole crime scene
Mobb Deep
This nigga from behind trying to creep
No half-wits, no straps, jack
It's on to bounce back
An ounce of wrath so bad,it snatched my style on death
Tell the reaper I was sent to get ya
Snip with clippers
Get the picture
I wrote my life down like a scripture
[E.D.I.]
And still I'm lost in the land of the lonely
Where ain't nobody holy
A matter of a fact, we unholy
Everybody living soley for themselves
Too high strung to lend help
To somebody who be needing it
You know we lost hope and we needing it
Wit the evil it's forever
But it might be low down, scandalous
Like a tramp is
All for the street fame on how to be managed
To plan shit
6 months in advaced to what we plotted
Approved to go on swole and now I got it
[Kastro]
Uh, crack my window
Knowin they'd love to catch Kastro sleepin'
Attach a strap under my pillow hand to hand like we freakin'
Creepin' deep into morning
Peepin' out the weak while they yawnin'
And let my clout speak for it's self
No doubt
Outlaw
Outta my mind, outta time
You're all blind
Some kind of life of mine if K-Dog don't mind
Findin' it funny, matter of fact, cause it is
Perhaps finally I'll adapt to it over the years as an outlaw
[(2Pac) & Napoleon]
(Eh, Napoleon)
What's up, nigga?
(Would you die for me, nigga?)
Hell yeah
(Would you kill for me, nigga?)
On my grandmother, nigga
(Ah yo)
What's up
(Let's ride on them stupid bitches right now
Watch out)
Well, now they all say that vultures and parasites
Snakes are all alike
THUG LIFE break night
Drink till we fist fight
Life or death. But you can't win with a vest
But there won't be no breathing for the reason
Punk bitch on your breath
I see day is dark and I admit it's dark
So chase the air hide your stash
Beware for any marks
And yo, Makaveli, give me them bullets that was left up in your belly
And let me bust back to them niggas til they all cold and sweaty
Hook x4 with variations in background vocals

Just Like Daddy by Makaveli
[Intro]
Outlawz, in this
No doubt
Death Row, Makaveli Records
You can call me daddy, uh
I'll be ya daddy, that's right, uh
Just like daddy
Fo' the ladies
Hahaha
[Hook]
Come with me every time we ro'
Dedicate slow jams on the radio-oh why
Know ya happy, I can feel ya passion
Lookin' out for ya just like daddy, come on
Sunshine turns to rain
Baby, I can take away ya pain
If ya trust me
Close ya eyes, feel the magic
Neva leave when ya need me
I'll do ya just like daddy
[Verse 1: E.D.I-Mean]
I met her when she was younger
Her daddy died when she was younger
Her moms let her do what she please, an' seen no one loved her
Her eyes shined of love, a diamond in the rough
The kind that you could love; not yet touch, but so much, potential
Youngster let me guide ya mental
And to a place, with a sourness of pain you'll never taste
By God's grace, you was born with that face
Nothin but pure beauty; so for an eternity, I feel it's my duty
To be a souljah (souljah) yeah, baby got plans to mold ya
In the coldest nights is when I hold ya
Like I'm supposed to, as we roll closer
I'll take yo' hand gladly, anything you need, ask me
Supportin' my baby girl just like daddy
[Makaveli]
To alleviate the stress, spendin time wit you, I feel blessed
When you gone, feel the pain so strong deep in my chest
When I got arrested, came so close to goin' to jail
Throwin blows at the po-pos breakin' ya nails
Screamin loud goin' all out, damn I did
You stayed locked down at moms house, watchin the kids
Through the whole bid in the V-I, I see ya daily
While my fake homies try to fuck you, you run and tell me
That's why I stay committed, I thank God everytime I hit it
Hopin you'll forgive me for all the times I bullshitted
Me and you against the world, we untouchable
Screamin like you dyin everytime I'm fuckin' you
Ya never had a father or a family, but I'll be there
No need to fear so much insanity, and through the years
I know ya gave me your heart, plus
When I'm dirt broke and fucked up, ya still love me
[Hook]
Come with me every time we ro'
Dedicate slow jams on the radio-oh why
Know ya happy, I can feel ya passion
Lookin' out for ya just like daddy, come on
Sunshine turns to rain
Baby, I can take away ya pain
If ya trust me
Close ya eyes, feel the magic
Neva leave when ya need me
I'll do ya just like daddy
[Verse 2: Khadafi]
Boo, would ya die for me?
Down holdin' my pistol, gettin' high
With mean sounds tougher than bristles
But when you cry I'll be ya tissue
Back in the county written letters, how I miss you
Givin' you credit, apologetic how I diss you
Kiss you for thinkin' like a mona and on a level
And sometime daddy ready to wine ya and dilation
For a total twine ya, we right behind ya true
Life just me and you, no tellin what we could do
Gettin' high between the sheets, make the shit right here discrete
Puttin' hickeys on ya belly while we fuckin' on the beach
I love it when ya nut up and grab me
I feel for ya badly, baby girl just like daddy
[Young Noble]
Shorty I lend my hand out ta help ya, lost soul lookin' for shelter
On late night accept it, treat ya good, won't disrespect ya
My age is young, out of place bitch days is done
From a trixy to a missy, you know I raised ya hun
Placed her under my wing, showed her how we swing
Now she rolling blunts for her king
One day labelled thug misses, the essence of my ghetto sisters
Hugs and kisses, that's just for me to be a father figure
[Hook repeat to fade]
Come with me every time we ro'
Dedicate slow jams on the radio-oh why
Know ya happy, I can feel ya passion
Lookin' out for ya just like daddy, come on
Sunshine turns to rain
Baby, I can take away ya pain
If ya trust me
Close ya eyes, feel the magic
Neva leave when ya need me
I'll do ya just like daddy
[2Pac during Hook]
C'mon
Throw ya hands up
Put ya hands up
Throw ya hands up
Put ya hands up
Throw ya hands up
Put ya hands up
Put ya hands up
Throw ya hands up
Where my sistas?
Where my sistas at?
Where my sistas?
Where my sistas at?
Where my sistas?
Where my sistas at?
Throw ya hands in the air
Where my sistas?
Where my sistas at?
Where my sistas?
Where my sistas at?
Where my sistas?
Where my sistas at?
Throw ya hands in the air
Come on
Yes
Yes, just like daddy
Yes, throw ya hands in the air, come on
Outlawz in this mutha fucka (Yes!)
No doubt!
Khadafi, Makaveli, Napolean, EDI, Kastro, Komeni, Storm, Yeah
No doubt get yo money
Throw yo hands in the air
Yeah, just like daddy baby
Know you got somewhere to go tonight
Cause you a thug nigga, thug nigga that loves niggas!
Hahahahahaha
Come on
Just like daddy
Outlawz baby, outlaws, outlaws outlaw, outlaw
Throw ya hands in the muthafuckin' air

Krazy by Makaveli
[Intro]
Throw me a cigarette, dawg! {​*inhales*}​
They got me feelin crazier than a motherfucker
I got Bad Azz in this motherfucker
Makaveli the Don, representin' the Outlawz
Bad Azz representin the L.B.C Crew
So what'cha wanna do? Y'know how we do it
{​*overlapping the [Intro]*}​
.. puffin on lye
Hopin that it get me high
Got a nigga goin cra-zy
Oh yeah, I feel cra-zy
[Hook]
Time goes by, puffin on lye
Hopin that it gets me high
Got a nigga goin cra-zy
Oh yeah, I feel cra-zy
(Tell 'em bout it)
[2Pac]
Last year was a hard one, but life goes on
Hold my head against the wall learnin right from wrong
They say my ghetto intrumental, detrimental to kids
As if they can't see the misery in which they live
Blame me, for the outcome, ban my records - check it
Don't have to bump this but please respect it
I took a minus and now the hard times are behind us
Turned into a plus, now they stuck livin blinded
Hennesey got me feelin bad, time to stop drinkin
Rollin, in my drop-top Jag, what's that cops thinkin?
Sittin in my car, watch the stars and smoke
I came a long way but still I got so far to go
Dear mama, don't worry; I'mma watch for snakes
Tell Setchu, that I love her, but it's hard today
I got the letter that she sent me, and I cried for weeks
This what came out when I tried to speak - all I heard was
[Hook - repeat 2X]
(One, two, three, four)
[2Pac]
I see bloods and crips runnin up the hill
Lookin for a better wayyyyyy
My brothers and sisters it's time to bail
Cause even thug niggas prayyyyyy
Hopin God hear me, I entered the game; look how much I changed
I'm no longer innocent - casualties of fame
Made a lot of money, seen a lot of places
And I swear I seen a peaceful smile on my mama's face
When I gave her the keys to her own house, this your land
Your only son done became a man
Watchin time fly; I love my people do or die
But I wonder why, we scared to let each other fly
June 1-6, '7-1, the day
Mama pushed me out her womb, told me, "Nigga get paid."
No one can understand me - the black sheep
Outcasted from my family, now packin heat
I run the streets, a young runaway, live for today
When he died, I could hear him say, (Thug Life Baby) c'mon(Westside)
[Hook - repeat 2X]
[Bad Azz]
God help me out here, cause I'm posessed
I need the root of all evil for my stress
Cause money's like a stong prescription drug, it's got me addicted
To the pleasure and the pain it inflicted
Somethin bout the paper wit the pictures of the president's, head
Damn, it's like a motherfuckin plague that spread
It's epidemic; forgotten, forgotten it got worse
I keep my head on straight, makin money cause it's cursed
Makin money makes a difference day by day so I gotta stay
Paid, no doubt, day in and day out
This life is like a vicious cycle called fightin to live
No matter how hard you try, it's in death, you gotta die
A lot of my, peers didn't make it to the years to come
Did life doin right, or did life livin dumb
Who has the answers? I wonder; I turn to my elders
They aged and experienced, but they can't even tell ya
Or tell me, that there'll be light at the end of the road
(Why?) Cause they don't even know
A million thangs run through my mind(through my mind)
You ain't gotta be in jail to be doin time(You ain't gotta be in jail...to be doin time)
[Hook - repeat 2X]
{​*Chorus repeats while 2Pac speaks below*|
[2Pac]
I feel fucked up in this bitch
I smoked half a ounce to the head
Chocolate Thai, indo, Hawaiian, lambsbread, buddha, all that shit
I'm fucked up in this motherfucker, and Hennesey don't help
And Hennesey don't help - Thug Passion in this muh'fucker
Makaveli the Don puttin it down to the fullest, maximum overload
3 Day Theory - Killuminati to your body
With the impact of a 12 gauge shotty
Double-I slugs, no love, straight thugs
One time for my niggas in the jail cell
(One time for my niggas locked up)
One time for my niggas doin life in hell
(One time for my niggas and shit, one time)
One time for my niggas in the jail cell
(One time)
One time for my niggas doin life in hell
(One time for my niggas locked down)
One time for my niggas in the jail cell
(For my niggas locked up, one time)
One time for my niggas on Death Row
(One time for my niggas on the Row)
For my niggas on Death Row
One time for my niggas livin, broke
(Westside, California style, L.A.!)
One time for my niggas livin, broke
(You know what time it is, no doubt)
One time for my niggas in the.. jail cell
(Get high, puffin on lye, wonder if it get me high)
(Yeah, yeah, crazy..)

White Man'z World by Makaveli
[Intro]
You go bustin' your fist against a stone wall
You're not usin' your brain
That's what the white man wants you to do
Look at you, what makes you ashamed of bein black
[2Pac]
Nothin' but love for you my sister
Might even know how hard it is, no doubt
Bein' a woman, a black woman at that, no doubt
Shit, in this white man's world
Sometimes we overlook the fact that we be ridin' hard on our sisters
We don't be knowin' the pain we be causin'
In this white man's world
In this white man's world
I ain't sayin I'm innocent in all this
I'm just sayin'
In this white man's world
This song is for y'all
For all those times that I messed up or we messed up
[Verse 1]
Dear sister, got me twisted up in prison I miss ya
Cryin' lookin' at my niece's and my newphew's picture
They say don't let this cruel world get ya, kinda suspicious
Swearin one day you might leave me, for somebody that's richer
Twist the cap off the bottle, I take a sip and see tomorrow
Gotta make it if I have to beg or borrow
Readin love letters; late night, locked down and quiet
If brothers don't recieve they mail best believe we riot
Eatin Jack-Mack, Starin at the walls of silence
Inside this cage where they captured all my rage and violence
In time I learned a few lessons, never fall for riches
Aplogizies to my true sisters, far from bitches
Help me raise my Black nation, reparations are due
It's true, caught up in this world I took advantage of you
So tell the babies how I love them, precious boys and girls
Born black in this white man's world - and all I heard was
[Refrain]
Who, knows what tomorrow brings
In this world, where everyone's blind
And where to go, no matter how far I'll find
To let you know, that you're not alone
Only thing they ever did wrong (yes!, yes!)
Was bein' born black (no doubt), in this white man’s world
All my ghetto motherfuckers be proud to be black and be proud
All my little black seeds, born black in this white man's world
To have this shit like this, cause ain't nobody got it like this
All these motherfuckers wanna be like us, they all wanna be like us
To be the have naughts, all hail
God bless the child that can hold his own, no motherfuckin' doubt
[Verse 2]
Bein' born with less, I must confess only adds on to the stress
Two gunshots to my homie's head, died in his vest
Shot him to death and left him bleedin' for his family to see
I pass his casket gently askin, is there heaven for G's
My homeboy's doin life, his baby momma be stressin
Shedin' tears when her son, finally ask that questions
Where my daddy at? Mama why we live so poor
Why you crying? Heard you late night through my bedroom door
Now do you love me mama? Why they keep on calling me nigga?
Get my weight up with my hate and pay 'em back when I'm bigger
And still thuggin in his jail cell, missing my block
Hearin brothers screamin all night, wishing they'd stop
Proud to be black but why we act like we don't love ourselves
Don't look around busta (you sucka) check yourselves
Know what it means to be black, whether a man or girl
We still struggling, in this white man's world
[Refrain]
[*megaphone* over Hook]
We must fight, for brother Mumia
We must fight, for brother Mutulu
And we must fight, for brother Ruchell Magee
We must fight, for brother Geronimo Pratt
We must fight, for (?), Zulu, (?)
We must fight, for countless political prisoners
Who are locked up falsely by this white man
[Verse 3]
So tell me why you
Changed to choose a new direction, in the blink of an eye
My time away just made perfection, did you think I'd die
Not gon' cry, why should I care
Like we holding on to lost love that's no longer there
Can you please help me, God bless me please keep my seeds healthy
Making all my enemies bleed while my G's wealthy
Hoping they bury me with ammunitions, weed, and shells
Just in case they trip in heaven - ain't no G's in hell
Sister sorry for the pain that I caused your heart
I know I'll change if you help me, but don't fall apart
Rest in peace to Latasha, Lil' Yummy, and Kato
Too much for this cold world to take - ended up bein fatal
Every woman in America, especially black
Bear with me, can't you see, that we under attack
I never meant to cause drama, to my sister and mama
Hope we make it, to better times, in this white man's world
[Refrain]
[Khalid Abdul Muhammad]
"You're out of touch with reality!
There are a few of you in a few smoke-filled rooms
Calling that the mainstream, while the masses of the people
White and black, red yellow, and, and brown
Poor and vulnerable are suffering, in this nation."
[2Pac over Hook]
Never that, in this white man's world, they can't stop us
We've been here all this time they ain't took us out
They can never take us out
No matter what they say, about us bein extinct
About us being endangered species, we ain't NEVER gon' leave this
We ain't never gon' walk off this planet, unless Y'ALL choose to
Use your brain, use your brain
It ain't them that's killin us it's US that's killin us
It ain't them that's knockin us off, it's US that's knockin us off
I'm tellin you better watch it, or be a victim
Be a victim, in this white man's world
.. born black, in this white man's world, no doubt
And it's dedicated to my motherfuckin teachers
Mutulu Shakur, Geronimo Pratt, Mumia Abu Jamal
Sekou Odinga, all the real O.G.'s, we out
[Minister Farrakhan - Oct. 17, 1995]
The seal, and the constitution, reflect the thinking
Of the founding fathers, that this was, to be a nation
By white people, and for white people
Native Americans, Blacks, and all other non-white people
Were to be the burden bearers, for the real citizens of this nation

Me and My Girlfriend by Makaveli
[Intro: Virginya Slim]
Shit, you mothafuckin' right!
I'm the bitch that's keepin' it live and keepin' it hot when you punk-ass niggas don't!
Nigga West-SIDE! What?!
Bring it on!
[Refrain: 2Pac]
Look for me, lost in the whirlwind
'96 Bonnie and Clyde, me and my girlfriend
Doing 85 when we ride, trapped in this world of sin
Born as a ghetto child, raised in this whirlwind
[Verse 1: 2Pac]
C'mon
Our childhood years, recall the tears, heart laced with venom
Smoking sherm, drinking malt liquor, father forgive 'em
Me and my girlfriend, hustling, fell in love with the struggle
Hands on the steering wheel, blush while she bail out busting
Fuck 'em all, watch em fall screaming
Automatic gunfire exorcising all demons
My mafioso messiah, my congregation high, ready to die
We bail out to take the jail back, niggas united
Our first date couldn't wait to see you naked
Touch you in every secret place, I could hardly wait
To bust freely, got you red-hot, you so happy to see me
Make the front page primetime live on TV
Nigga, my girlfriend, baby 45 but she still live
One shot make a nigga's heartbeat stop
[Interlude: Virginya Slim]
What? I'm busting on you punk ass niggas!
Run, nigga, run! I'm on your ass nigga!
Run, nigga, duck and hide when I'm bustin' on all you bitches!
Run, nigga, yeah! Westside! Uh! Uh! Uh!
Die, nigga, die!
[Continuation of Verse 1: 2Pac]
My girlfriend: blacker than the darkest night
When niggas act bitch-made she got the heart to fight
Nigga my girlfriend, though we separated at times
I knew deep inside baby girl would always be mine
Picked you up when you was 9, started out my life of crime
With you, bought you some shells when you turned 22
It's true, nothing compares to the satisfaction
That I feel when we out mashin'
Me and my girlfriend
[Hook x2]
All I need in this life of sin, is me and my girlfriend
Down to ride to the bloody end, just me and my girlfriend
[Verse 2: 2Pac]
I was too immature to understand your ways, inexperienced back in the days
Caused so many arguments and strays
Now I realize how to treat you, the secret to keep you
Being faithful, cause now cheating's lethal
We're closer than the hands of time, deeper than the drive of mankind
I trust you dearly, I shoot blind
In time I clock figures, dropping niggas as we rise
We all soldiers in God's eyes
Now it's time for war; never leave me baby
I'm paranoid, sleeping with you, loaded by my bedside crazy
Jealous when you hang with the fellas, I wait patiently alone
Anticipated for the moment you come home
I'm waiting by the phone this is true love, I can feel it
I've had a lot of women in my bed, but you the realest
So if you ever need me, call, I'll be there through it all
You're the reason I can stand tall, me and my girlfriend
[Hook]
[Verse 3: 2Pac]
I love finger-fucking you, all of a sudden I'm hearing thunder
When you bust a nut, niggas be ducking or taking numbers
Love to watch you at a block party begging for drama
While unleashing on the old-timers, that's on my mama
I would trade my life for yours, behind closed doors
The only girl that I adore, everything I'm asking for
Talking to me begging me to just take you around
17, like Brandy, you just "Wanna Be Down"
Talking loud when I tell you be quiet, you move the crowd
Busting rounds, activating a riot. That's why I love you so
No control, down to roll, unleash
After a hit you break apart, then back to one piece
Much love to my one and only girlfriend, the world is ours
Just hold me down, baby witness the power
Never leave a nigga alone, I love you black or chrome
Turn this house into a happy home: me and my girlfriend!
[Hook] x2
[Refrain] x3

Hold Ya Head by Makaveli
[Intro: Malcolm X prison scene]
Yo, Jackson! A 231549
Yeah, close four! Comin' down!
Crichlow! A 5991301
Close five! Comin' down!
Look at Satan, I see him
[2Pac]
My homeboys in Clinton and Rikers Island
All the penitentiaries
Mumia, Mutulu, Geronimo, Sekon
All the political prisoners
San Quentin (who can save you).. all the jailhouses
I'm with you
[2Pac & Tyrone Wrice]
Yeah
One thug, one thug, How do we keep the music playing
You're listenin' to the sounds of one, thug
One thug, one thug, How do we get ahead
You're listenin' to the sounds of..
[Verse 1: 2Pac]
I wake up early in the mornin', mind state so military
Suckers fantasizin' pictures of a young brother buried
Was it me, the weed, or this life I lead
If daytime is for suckers then tonight we breathe
Out for all that, knowin' that this world bring drawbacks
Look how they shiver once I deliver these raw raps
Meet me at the cemetery dressed in black
Tonight we, honor the dead, those who won't be back
So if I die, do the same for me, shed no tears
An Outlaw, thug livin' in this game for years
Why worry, hope to God, get me high when I'm buried
Knowin' deep inside only a few love me
Come rush me to the gates of heaven, let me picture for a while
How I lived for my days as a child, I wonder now
How do we outlast, always get cash
Stay strong if we all mash
Hold ya head
[Hook: Tyrone Wrice & 2Pac]
How do we keep the music playing
Yes, you got to hold ya head
How do we get ahead, hold your head!
Too many young black brothers are dying
Yes, you got to hold ya head
Livin' fast, too fast
[Verse 2: 2Pac]
Hahaha, yo
These felonies be like prophecies beggin' me to stop
Cause these lawyers gettin' money every time they knock us
Snatchin' pockets lyrically, suckers flea when they notice
Switched my name to Makaveli, half the rap game ghost
Exposed foes with my hocus-pocus flows they froze
Now suckers idolize my chosen blows
And mo' money mean litigatin', mo' playa hatin'
Got a cell at the pen for me waitin'; is this my fate?
Miss me with that misdemeanor thinkin', me fall back?
Never that, too much tequila drinkin', we all that
Make them understand me? hell nah, this ain't my posse
Everyone with me is family, cause everybody's got me
Watch me paint a perfect vision, this life we livin'
Got us all meetin' up in prison
Last week I got a letter from my road dog, written in blood
Saying, "Please show a playa love"
Hold ya head, hold it
[Hook: Tyrone Wrice & 2Pac]
How do we keep the music playing
You got to hold ya head
How do we get ahead, c'mon hold your head
Too many young black brothers are dying
Yes, hold ya head
Livin' fast, too fast
The weed got me tweakin' in my mind, I'm thinkin'
[Verse 3: 2Pac]
God bless the child that can hold his own
Indeed, enemies bleed when I hold my chrome
Let these words be the last to my unborn seeds
Hope to raise my young nation in this world of greed
Currency means nothin' if you still ain't free
Money breeds jealousy, take the game from me
I hope for better days, trouble comes naturally
Running from authorities 'til they capture me
And my, aim is to spread mo' smiles than tears
Utilize lessons learned from my childhood years
Maybe Mama had it all right, rest yo' head
Straight conversations all night, bless the dead
To the homies that I used to have that no longer roll
Catch a brother at the crossroads
Plus nobody knows my soul, watchin' time pass
Through the glass of my drop-top Rolls
Hold ya head
[Hook: Tyrone Wrice & 2Pac]
How do we keep the music playing
You got to hold ya head
How do we get ahead, c'mon, hold your head
Too many young black brothers are dying
Yes, hold ya head
Livin' fast, too fast
You got to hold ya head
How do we keep the music playing
Yes, you got to hold ya head
How do we get ahead
[Outro during hook]
No matter how hard it get, feel me
Get the weed, drink a drink, read a book
Watch the stars, get some pussy, whatever

Against All Odds by Makaveli
[Intro]
One love, one thug, one nation
Twenty-one gun salute
I'm hoping my true motherfuckers know
This be the realest shit I ever wrote
Against all odds, up in the studio, getting blowed
To the truest shit I ever spoke
[Verse 1]
Twenty-one gun salute
Dressed in fatigues, black jeans and boots
Disappeared in the crowd, all you seen was troops
This little nigga named Nas thinks he live like me
Talking bout he left the hospital took five like me
You live in fantasies nigga, I reject your deposit
We shook Dre punk ass, now he out of the closet
Mobb Deep wonder why a nigga blowed them out
Next time grown folks talk, nigga close your mouth
Peep me, I take this war shit deeply
Done seen too many real players fall to let these bitch niggas beat me
Puffy lets be honest you a punk or you will see me with gloves
Remember that shit you said to Vibe about me being a thug
You can tell the people you roll with whatever you want
But you and I know what's going on
Payback, I knew you bitch niggas from way back
Witness me strapped with Macs, knew I wouldn't play that
All you old rappers trying to advance
It's all over now, take it like a man
Niggas looking like Larry Holmes, flabby and sick
Trying to player hate on my shit, you eat a fat dick
Let it be known this is how you made me
Loving how I got you niggas crazy
[Hook 1]
Against all odds
Hoping my thug motherfuckers know
This be the realest shit I ever wrote
Against all odds, up in the studio, getting blowed
To the truest shit I ever spoke, against all odds
Hoping my true motherfuckers know
This be the realest shit I ever wrote
[Verse 2]
I heard he was light skinned, stocky with a Haitian accent
Jewelry, fast cars and he's known for flashing
Listen while I take you back and lace this rap
A real live tale about a snitch named Haitian Jack
Knew he was working for the Feds
Same crime, different trials nigga, picture what he said
And did I mention? Promised a payback, Jimmy Henchman
In due time I know you bitch niggas is listening
The world is mine
Set me up, wet me up, niggas stuck me up
Heard the guns bust, but you tricks never shut me up
Touch one of mine, on everything I love
I'll destroy everything you touch, play the game nigga
All out warfare, eye for eye
Last words to a bitch nigga, "Why you lie?"
Now you gotta watch your back, now watch your front
Here we come, gunshots to Tut, now you stuck
Fuck the rap game, nigga this M.O.B
So believe me we enemies, I go against all odds
[Hook 2]
I'm hoping my true motherfuckers know
This be the realest shit I ever wrote
Against all odds, up in the studio, getting blowed
To the truest shit I ever spoke
I'm hoping my true motherfuckers know
This be the realest shit I ever wrote
Against all odds
[Verse 3]
Puffy getting bribed like a bitch
To hide that fact he did some shit he shouldn't have did
So we riding for that
And that nigga that was down for me, resting dead
Switched sides, guess his new friends wanted him dead
Probably be murdered for the shit that I said
I bring the real, be a legend, breathing or dead
Lord listen to me, God don't like ugly, it was written
Ayo Nas, your whole damn style is bitten
You heard my melody, read about my life in the papers
All my run-ins with authorities, felonious capers
Now you wanna live my life
So what's a hasa, Nas? Niggas that don't rhyme right
You've seen too many movies
Load 'em up against the wall, close his eyes
Since you lie you die, goodbye!
Let the real live niggas hear the truth from me
What would you do if you was me? Nigga
[Hook 1]
[Outro]
Against all odds
Twenty-one gun salute
One love to my true thug niggas (Outlaw! Outlaw! Outlaw!)
Twenty-one gun salute to my niggas that die in the line of duty
Representing to the fullest being soldiers with military minds
That play the rules of the game, twenty-one gun salute
I salute you my niggas, stay strong
I ride for you, I rhyme for you, I roll for you, it's all for you
To all you bitch made niggas, I'm coming for you
Against all odds, I don't care who the fuck you is, nigga
You touch me I'm at you
I know you motherfuckers think that I forgot
Hell no I ain't forgot nigga
I just remember what you told me
You said don't go to war unless I got my money behind me
Aight, I got my money right here, now I want war

Letter to the President by 2Pac + Outlawz
[Intro]
Uhh.. dear Mr. President
What's happening?
I'm writin' you because, shit is still real fucked up in my neighborhood
Pretty much the same way, right around the time when you got elected
Ain't nothin' changed
All the promises you made, before you got elected..
.. they ain't came true
[2Pac]
Tell me what to do, these niggas actin up in the hood
Send mo' troops, dear Mr. President
(Me and my homies is wonderin' what's goin' on.. holla!)
Tell me what to do, these niggas actin up in the hood
Send mo' troops..
Why should I lie, when I can dramatize?
Niggas fell victim to my lyrics, now traumatized
Simply by spittin' I've been blessed given riches, enemies suspicious
Cause I'm seldom in the company of bitches
Plus the concepts I depict, so visual, that you can kiss
Each and every trick or bitch, inside the shit I kick
My heaviest words'll move a mountain
Casualties in mass amounts, brothers keep countin'
Fuck the friendships, I ride alone
Destination Death Row, finally found a home
Plus all my homies wanna die, call it euthanasia
Dear Lord, look how sick this ghetto made us, sincerely
Yours I'm a thug, the product of a broken home
Everybody's doped up, nigga what you smokin' on?
Figure if we high they can train us
But then America fucked up and blamed us
I guess it's cause we black that we targets
My only fear is God, I spit that hard shit
In case you don't know, I let my pump go
Get it ride for Mutulu like I ride for Geronimo
Down to die, for everything I represent
Meant every word, in my letter to the President
Dear Mr. President, tell me what to do
These niggas actin up in the hood, send mo' troops
(What should I do?)
Dear Mr. President, tell me what to do
These niggas actin up in the hood, send mo' troops
[E.D.I. Amin]
Oh you's a baller in the White House, I hope you comfortable
Cause yo I spend my nights out, with the lights out
Under the safety of darkness, amongst the crazed and the heartless
And young soul bros, ready to rode a starship
Launch it, leave a nigga flat for scratch, the Godless
I gotta get chips, but you can't understand that
Wanna ban rap? Stand back, before you get hurt
It's the only thing makin' pay besides smoke and work
On a mission listen I switched my goal and position
First made my decision I realized this ain't livin'
Trippin' to drastic measures tryin' to get stacks of cheddar
Muh'fuckers hate cops, wait it ain't gettin' better
But you keep, tellin' us, that it is
While your motherfuckin' troops keep killin' our kids, dig
Don't be surprised if you see us
Dumpin with nuttin but artillery to free us, motherfucker
Dear Mr. President, tell me what to do
These niggas actin up in the hood, send mo' troops
Dear Mr. President, tell me what to do
These niggas actin up in the hood, send mo' troops
[Kastro]
Strapped and angry, with no hope and heartbroke
Fightin' first my trained brain until it's not so
It's hostile, niggas lick shots to watch the Glocks glow
Cadres of coppers patrol us like we some animals
And it ain't no peace, my peace a piece on my streets
To people beefin' and things, squeakin' on they beefs for weeks
Mr. President, it's evident, nobody really care
For a struggler out the gutter, twenty-two with gray hair
I was raised to raise hell, frail and my heart stale
So I'mma bring hell to earth until my heart fail
But y'all play fair, give me and mine, I'll share
Til y'all show us you care, it's gon' be mayhem out here
Me and these 223's will freeze the biggest with ease
I'm still a nigga you fear, bring the beast to his knees
And I've been born to represent, for that I've been heaven sent
And I meant, every word, in my letter, to the President
Shit is still fucked up y'all
And y'all wonder when it's gon' get better
And it ain't gon' get better
[2Pac]
Dear Mr. President, tell me what to do
These niggas actin up in the hood, send mo' troops
Dear Mr. President, tell me what to do
These niggas actin up..
Heavenly Father may I holla at you briefly
I wanna meet the President, but will he meet me?
Is he scared to look inside the eyes of a Thug Nigga?
We tired of bein' scapegoats for this capitalistic drug dealin'
How hypocritical is Liberty?
That blind bitch ain't never did shit for me
My history, full of casket and scars
My own black nation at war, whole family behind bars
And they wonder why we scarred, thirteen lookin' hard
Sister had a baby as an adolescent, where was God?
Somewhere in the middle of my mind
Is a nigga on the tightrope, screamin' let him die
Can't lie I'm a thug, drownin' in my own blood
Lookin' for the reason that my momma's strung out on drugs
Down to die, for everything I represent
Meant every word, in my letter to the President
[Big Syke]
Blacks is broke, think it's a joke that we livin' low?
Y'all sniffin' blow and postin' what they hittin' fo'?
Tell the secretary it's necessary we get paid
Look what you made, little kids gettin' sprayed
Day after day, and night after night
Battles and wars to the daylight
We might change and rearrange if you do somethin'
Till then we gonna keep it comin', Mr. President
And I meant every word in my letter to the President
[2Pac]
Word motherfuckin' life
Fuck this nigga think?
Cuttin' taxes, takin' off welfare
We 'sposed to just sit here, go broke and die, starvin'?
Motherfuckers crazy in their motherfuckin’ scalp
Nigga this Thug Life, Westside Outlaw Immortalz nigga
We fin' to hustle till we come up
Dear Mr. President, tell me what to do
These niggas actin up in the hood, send mo' troops
Dear Mr. President, tell me what to do
These niggas actin up in the hood, send mo' troops
Dear Mr. President, tell me what to do
These niggas actin up in the hood, send mo' troops
Dear Mr. President, tell me what to do
These niggas actin up in the hood, send mo' troops
Dear Mr. Clinton, shit
It's gettin' harder and harder for a motherfucker
To make a dollar in these here streets
I mean shit, I hear you screamin' peace
But we can't find peace
Til my little niggas on these streets get a piece
I know you feel me cause you too near me not to hear me
So why don't you help a nigga out?
Sayin you cuttin' welfare
That got us niggas on the street, thinkin' who in the hell care?
Shit, y'all want us to put down our Glocks and our rocks
But y'all ain't ready to give us no motherfuckin' dollars
What happened to our 40 acres and a mule fool?
We ain't stupid
Think you got us lookin' to lose
Tryin' to turn all us young niggas into troops
You want us to fight your war
What the fuck I'm fightin for?
Shit, I ain't got no love here
I ain't had a check all year
Taxin, all the blacks and
Police beatin' me in the streets
Fuck peace
These niggas actin up in the hood, send mo' troops

Still I Rise by 2Pac + Outlawz
Dear Lord
As we down here, struggle for as long as we know
In search of a paradise to touch (my nigga Johnny J)
Dreams are dreams, and reality seems to be the only place to go
The only place for us
I know, try to make the best of bad situations
Seems to be my life's story
Ain't no glory in pain, a soldier's story in vain
And can't nobody live this life for me
It's a ride y'all, a long hard ride
[Verse 1: 2Pac]
Somebody wake me I'm dreamin, I started as a seed the semen
Swimmin upstream, planted in the womb while screamin
On the top, was my pops, my momma screamin stop
From a single drop, this is what they got
Not to disrespect my peoples but my poppa was a loser
Only plan he had for momma was to fuck her and abuse her
Even as a little seed, I could see his plan for me
Stranded on welfare, another broken family
Now what was I to be? A product of this heated passion
Momma got pregnant and Poppa got a piece of ass
Look how it began, nobody gave a fuck about me
Pistol in my hand, this cruel world can do without me
How can I survive? Got me askin white Jesus
"Will a nigga live or die?" cause the Lord can't see us
In the deep dark clouds of the projects, ain't no sunshine
No sunny days and we only play sometimes
When everybody's sleepin
I open my window jump to the streets and get to creepin
I can live or die, hope I get some money 'fore I'm gone
I'm only 19, I'm tryna hustle on my own
On the spot where everybody and they pops tryna slang rocks
I'd rather go to college, but this is where the game stops
Don't get it wrong cause it's always on, from dusk to dawn
You can buy rocks, Glocks or a herringbone
You can ask my man he's a mind reader, keep my nine heater
All the time this is how we grind
Meet up at the cemetery then get smoked out, pass the weed nigga
That Hennessey'll keep me keyed nigga
Everywhere I go niggas holla at me, "Keep it real G"
And my reply til they kill me: "Act up if you feel me!"
I was born not to make it but I did
The tribulations of a ghetto kid, still I rise
[Chorus: Ta'He]
Still I (still I) I rise (I rise)
Please give me to the sky (the sky)
And if (and if) I die (I die)
I don't want you to cry
[Verse 2.1: Yaki Khadafi]
I stay sharp as always
Runnin ya bricks with blitz, through ya project hallways
Dumpin crews like two's, nigga all day
Secrets of war prepare me for the worst
A life that's lavish full of cabbage or a life that's in a hearse
But now my dreams it seeems though, be placin triple beams and things bro
Diamond pinkie ring got the loot poppin out my jeans
[Verse 2.2: Napoleon]
Now I plan to keep my Glock cocked
If trouble was searchin for me then why not?
Show em what I'm made of plus raised on, on my block
Chancellor Ave, where many turn to the street, thugs snatchin bags
We out for power, makin cash it wasn't fast it'll make me mad
I'm just like, pimpin
My homey on the corner with his gat tucked, in
Youngest they buckin somethin the life he leads
The life he don't need, don't we all know
He tryin to rise up and we just go doe, still he rise
[Verse 2.3: Young Noble]
Dreams of lost hope
I hit the strip broke where the fiends get coke
And still I rise now I float cowards ghost
Whenever we come around, I'm runnin down
Clutchin a pound, live as sirens, duckin the sound
I used to hustle with my moms til the sun came
My homey Harm doin time from this drug game
Stolen cars, war scars, born a Outlaw
Behind bars, go to sleep just to see the stars
Freedom is ours, though we trapped on a firm block
Crackheads only ten learn to duck cops
[Verse 2.4: Khadafi]
In '96 my Glock's my plastic, passion for blastin bastards
No faces for open caskets, peelin ya cap backwards
Ya cowards ain't prepared for pistol practice, I send my missiles through your mattress, leavin holes in your body like a cactus
While me and my crew be boppin more greens than topic
And loot to keep the seams in my motherfuckin jeans poppin
Leavin ya spleen to pick up
Half of you niggas is softer than a Snicker
Let's go to war and see who draw quicker
And still I rise, and still I rise...
[Ta'He]
Still I (still I) I rise (I rise)
Please give me to the sky (the sky)
And if (and if) I die (I die)
I don't want you to cry
Still I (still I) I rise (I rise)
Please give me to the sky (the sky)
And if (and if) I die (I die)
I don't want you to cry
[Some little kid]
Y'all niggas fake
All day everyday
So now I got roller blades, bitch
Thought you knew
Your mouth is rich
C'mon pops, let's go..

Secretz of War by 2Pac + Outlawz
Chorus (E.D.I. Amin):
You either ride wit' us, or collide wit' us
It's as simple as that for me and my niggas
You either ride wit' us, or collide wit' us
It's as simple as that for me and my niggas
[E.D.I. Amin]
War Time
War Time, it's either yourz or mine
Outlawz be on a grind, and a mission to shine
And ride on em', leave em' stuck and fucked from the gate
Set it straight, regulate
Wit' a bomb I'm about to detonate Boom!
Hesitate, aww, now you know what
Ya'll niggas were here to go
If you know it was good for ya
Buncha toy souljahs all dressed in fatigue
But I'm Edi Amin on a mission to make em bleed
Nigga what?, Nigga who?
It was cool? and at you?, what the fuck is gonna do?
Barbecue and boo-hoo
Ride or die, get money all at the same time
Split the pie with the homie, ball at the same time
Any nigga slippin', fall at the same time
We all links in the chain, tryin to gain, do time
We all see the sunshine
But when you could do yourz, we'll bring these muthafuckas war
Chorus (E.D.I. Amin):
[2Pac]
As I approach the scene, from smokin' green
Got my eyes closed, niggas so cold on my foes
I make em' die froze
Watch me make em' bleed, makin' G's
Lord help me wit'it
Got me paintin' pictures of a meal ticket
Help me get'it
See me and pray for options
But the pressures nonstop
Niggas get the pistol poppin'
And watch his body drop
I'm a lethal threat, watch me hit your set
Flash on, blast on them bitch-made niggas wit' my mask on
Do it for profit, plus I'm, lookin for punks to bust on
If you ain't screamin' WestSide, you can get the fuck on
I'm seein' demons hittin' weed
Got me hearin' screamin'
Scared to go to sleep, watch the scene like a dope-fiend
Probably be punished for it, though you can't ignore it
I live the life of a thug nigga, and die for it
Niggas pass the clip and watch me bring em to the floor
I got some shit that they ain't ready for (What you got?)
I got the Secretz of War
Chorus (E.D.I. Amin):
[Yaki Kadafi]
We do this thug life shit, like 4, 5, 6, dick em'
Down wit' no rounds left up in the pound when the sounds (Here we go)
Squeeze the lead off, I blow his mutha fuckin' head off
Signal all the other outlawz to get this shit set off
Yaki Kadafi, it ain't a cop here to stop me
These streetz is black hockey and raw we get sloppy
Put a pamper on your silly ass prestyle grammar
Locked in the slammer, while I'm layed cocked back like a hammer
Ya'll newly weds that in honey moons, times bout up
Ya'll, that means I leave no trace found with you face, bounce, stuck
Your pig scanners can't come close touch or even hit me
Doin' my dirt, puttin' in work, you see shit, what you gonna do?
Chorus (E.D.I. Amin):
[Young Noble]
We check the murder rate percentage
Niggas is finished
Get blood checks from clinics
This thug shit is in us
Flowin' through my system, you a victim
Blunts, I twist em', fuck the whole world
It's us against them
You got some heat? Pull it out
Cock the hammer if you wit' it, don't make
No difference here, with the 25 to life sentence
We already doin' life on the streetz
Like Al G., niggas be heated, when they walkin' the beat
This shit is flaky, makin' backs shaky, niggas hate me
Scared to face me, knowin' that the Outlawz blaze me
Pull me up on game, put me up on a hustle
Once I suck my money muscle, all the G's got devils
Movin' shit like a dollar, beatin' niggas like Rodney
Turn a killa like Kadafi, and a nuke stream to stop me
Chorus (E.D.I. Amin):
[2Pac]
Bring it on
And all you lil' young ass souljahs
You play this shit back about fifteen times
You'll have enough game to roll up in a club or somethin
Teach these bitches a lil' somethin', you know what I mean?
Secretz of muthafuckin' War....

Baby Don't Cry (Keep Ya Head Up II) by 2Pac + Outlawz
[2Pac]
I feel you {​uhh}​ (baby don't)
But you can't, you can't give up
{​Hey, 2Pac what?}​
[2Pac + H.E.A.T.]
Baby don't cry, I hope you got your head up {​Outlawz}​
Even when the road is hard, never give up
Baby don't cry, I hope you got your head up
Even when the road is hard, never give up {​Keep ya head up}​
[2Pac]
Now here's a story bout a woman with dreams
So picture perfect at thirteen, an ebony queen
Beneath the surface it was more than just a crooked smile
Nobody knew about her secret so it took a while
I could see a tear fall slow down her black cheek
Sheddin' quiet tears in the back seat; so when she asked me
"What would you do if it was you?"
Couldn't answer such a horrible pain to live through
I tried to trade places in the tragedy
I couldn't picture three crazed niggas grabbin' me
For just a moment I was trapped in the pain, Lord come and take me
Four niggas violated, they chased and they raped me
Even though it wasn't me, I could feel the grief
Thinkin' with your brains blown that would make the pain go
No! You got to find a way to survive
Cause they win when your soul dies
[2Pac + H.E.A.T.]
Baby please don't cry, you got to keep your head up
Even when the road is hard, never give up
Baby don't cry, you got to keep your head up
Even when the road is hard, never give up
Baby don't cry, I hope you got your head up
Even when the road is hard, never give up {​never give up}​
Baby don't cry, I hope you got your head up {​never give up}​
Even when the road is hard, never give up
Baby don't cry
[Edi Amin]
Uhh
Forget him girl (forget him girl) he ain't gon' never change
I ain't no hater but that nigga lost in the game
After the bright lights and big thangs
He probably could love you, but he in love with the struggle
Everyday, his mind on gettin' mo' (gettin mo')
And never your feelings, he's chasin' millions fo' sho'
Uh oh (uh oh), now you bout to have his baby? (dayamn)
Another wild-ass nigga that's gon' drive you crazy
You got too much, mo', livin' to do - I'm spittin' this to you
Cause you deserve more than what he givin' to you (that's right)
Beautiful, black, precious, and complicated
A new millennium dime piece, so fine she
Got em all stuck standin' still when she come through
Baby take a little mo' time, love'll find you
And sho' as the sky's blue somebody other than me
Gon' give you everything you need, feel me?
{​Don't cry-ahhhhh..}​
[2Pac + H.E.A.T.]
Baby don't cry, you got to keep your head up
Even when the road is hard, never give up {​you'll be alright}​
Baby don't cry, you got to keep your head up
Even when the road is hard, never give up {​you'll be alright}​
Baby don't cry, I hope you got your head up
Even when the road is hard, never give up {​keep your head up}​
Baby don't cry, I hope you got your head up {​never give up}​
Even when the road is hard, never give up {​no no.. ohhhh}​
Baby don't cry
[Young Noble]
I'm tryin' to do all that I can, from jump
Now you losin', you was choosin' the wrong man
Dealt the wrong hand, you was young and beautiful
Lost and turned out, what you let that nigga do to you? (Damn)
I knew her since elementary, she blew a kiss to me
Wrote me a note in crayon, wantin' to get with me
We was kids, now she got three kids
They see their father e'ryday, and they don't know who he is
Seen him last night, homey roll a E-class
Mad cheese in the stash, still a deadbeat dad
I bring her, Pampers and food, just to stop through
But those, ain't my seeds, nuttin really I could do (nah)
I feel pity for you, you ain't even his wife
Seventeen with three kids, locked down for life
Shoulda chose me, she bout to O.D. from the pressure
Hell nah I won't let her {​BABY DON'T CRY}​
[2Pac + H.E.A.T.]
Baby don't cry, you got to keep your head up
Even when the road is hard, never give up {​you'll be alright}​
Baby don't cry, you got to keep your head up
Even when the road is hard, never give up {​baby don't cry}​
Baby don't cry, I hope you got your head up
Even when the road is hard, never give up {​baby baby baby}​
Baby don't cry, I hope you got your head up {​no..}​
Even when the road is hard, never give up {​no-ohhhh}​
Baby don't cry, I gotta keep your head up
Even when the road is hard, never give up
Baby don't cry, you got to keep your head up
Even when the road is hard, never give up {​ooooh baby}​
Baby don't cry, I hope you got your head up
Even when the road is hard, never give up
Baby don't cry, I hope you got your head up {​keep your head up}​
{​keep your head up, never give up}​
Even when the road is hard, never give up, baby don't cry
[Young Noble]
Uhh, uhh, yeah, don't give up {​you'll be alright}​
Don't cry, don't cry, don't cry
[2Pac + H.E.A.T.]
Baby don't cry, I hope you got your head up
Even when the road is hard, never give up
Baby don't cry, I hope you got your head up
Even when the road is hard, never give up, baby don't cry
[Edi Amin]
For all the ladies {​Soulshock, Karlin}​
Baby don't cry
Got to keep your head up {​keep your head up}​
Makaveli lives on {​head up}​ aight?

As the World Turns by 2Pac + Outlawz
[Intro: 2Pac]
As the world turns..
As the world turns my niggas grow and grow and grow
And get dough and roll and ride
Niggas die and mommas cry
Niggas got alibis and suicides and homicides
And three strikes and yo' life and my life and times change
And niggas fame, as the world turns..
[Verse 1: 2Pac]
Though I walk through the valley of hell the shadow follows me
Wisdom hard to swallow tomorrow expect apologies
You probably panic, stranded in search of a better planet
Realism hard to understand, we stand slanted
And still stranded, merciless thieves stole the best of me
I pray to black Jesus to please take the rest of me
And still, the best of us build, and reach monetary gains
Some of us kill, but still, most of us can change
If we search deeper, god bless the hustler, curse the first sleeper
Enemies get beside me, flows go deep as Poseidon
When we ride plots keep all my enemies blinded
Time will soon show, a thought can last for years
Outshinin and you fakes smile plastic tears
Like last year, niggas stuck in the past, and it's clear
Just some busta ass bastards allergic to cash this year
Makaveli for the Mob, M-O-B
Killin bustaz is my motherfuckin job, him or me
Lyrically fatally driven, niggas reported missin
My competition dead or in prison, as the world turns...
[Hook: Darryl 'Big D' Harper](2Pac)
(Turns.. turns, turns, turns, and turns
My niggas grow and grow and grow
And gettin dough and dough and dough
From this state to that state
From this cell to that cell, as the world turns)
As the world keeps turnin round and round
It's gon' be goin round as the world turns.. and steady turnin
[Verse 2: Young Noble]
As the world turn burnin paths, starin through my rearview
It's a war goin on, and the President is in too
I hear Tu-Pac sayin, "Watch em they'll kill you"
Sippin Thug Passion, scrub actin like he feel you
Steady plottin, ready or not; Outlawz lost
But not forgotten, from Gittere to Compton
A spitter of the hotness, long timeness
So like six I ain't never been rich
I need cream, to buy Ellene a dream house
She no longer fiend out y'all, Outlawww
[Verse 3: Napoleon]
Another lonely nigga with a 12-gage pump
With a 12-hour rush to run and get this money, fuck these punks
Road rules I swim in the dirt, I stay in some skirt
I hit where it hurts, I ride or die for my turf
I ride or die for Makaveli the legendary war thug nigga
Kadafi betta unslug this nigga, Seike betta undrug this nigga
Out of the buildin we street children with no souls
Our hearts gon' stay cold, the war gon' stay on
We serve em, like Pac told us to, catch em wet with the tec
Hit em in the neck and watch him die like he supposed to
Napoleon the front line soldier, front times over
Rider for the mightly dollar rather drunk or sober
Nigga talkin thug walkin all through yo' squad
Y'all niggas scared by a dog, I got my fo'-fo' for y'all
It's like a hot, heated day homie, warfare don't play homie
Better be prepared than try to dunk away from these strays homie
Worlds turn, thangs burn, all in one shot
Rest in peace to the fallen soldiers, all that we got
As the world turns..
[Hook: Darryl 'Big D' Harper](2Pac)
(And my niggas roll and ride, hahaha
Niggas gettin swoll out
And it don't stop and it don't quit
That real shit! As the world turns..
Niggas die for
How many you niggas try for this? As the world turns
Murderin methods.. haha OUTLAW!)
As the world keeps turnin round and round
It's gon' be goin round as the world turns.. and steady turnin
As the world keeps turnin round and round
It's gon' be goin round as the world turns..
[Verse 4: E.D.I. Amin]
Only haters caught feelings, when my homie caught millions
And acquired the desired status of boss livin
We cross driven, cornered into a life that's hellish
Payin our dues with bloodshed, ain't shit y'all could tell us
Fellas - mount up, it's time for battle, it's on now
Two worlds collidin armies ridin soldiers, gone wild
Sometimes I think my glory days was back in my youth
I sought too for family, but I got it lost in these ounces
Now as the world turns court adjourns, I'm sentenced to burn
The cost of my sins too much, nuttin left to earn
[Verse 5: Kadafi]
October 9th 1977 first day out my baby carriage
Married my MAC-11 hit the block playin
Only five years up in this bitch, poppa runnin from the Feds
Puttin peanut butter on the walls to hide his prints
Me on my own, not yet grown but only man of the home
To protect my zone in these streets I roam
Dough on d-low, downin straight shots of Cristal Brothers
Hundred dollar snot box on cee-lo, fuck eighth
I need a kilo, got a plot, move my block down state
Got the drop on the spot, movin pounds of weight
Fuck my fate and lots of loot to burn, a hustler's yearn
For this dirty money earned as this crooked world turns
[Hook: Darryl 'Big D' Harper](2Pac)
[Verse 6: 2Pac]
Hahaha.. as the world turns..
And turns and turns and turns.. haha
This for the soldiers out there involved in the everyday struggle
Hopin to bubble, keep on hustlin, as the world turns
Money come and go, hoes come and go, foes come and go
Friends come and go.. my soldiers, stay eternal
Outlaw Immortalz, dedicated
I send this to black Jesus, only he can feed us
When you need us, as the world turns
Throw this shit in the deck, hahah
Niggas gettin chin checked
From the East to the West best to wear a vest
Nigga we ain't the ones to test, fuck you
As the world turns
Outlaw ridahs, Mutah right beside us
Camillion, wanna make a million
Haha legit, as the world turns.. haha..
Burn baby burn
[Outro:Napoleon]
A lot of niggas get burned as the world turns
A lot of niggas gettin burned as the world turns..
Gettin burned as the world turns

Black Jesuz by 2Pac + Outlawz
[Intro: 2Pac]
Searching for Black Jesus
Oh yeah, sportin jewels and shit, yaknahmean?
(Black Jesus; you can be Christian
Baptist, Jehovah Witness)
Straight tatted up, no doubt, no doubt
(Islamic, won't matter to me
I'm a thug; thugs, we praise Black Jesus, all day)
Young Kadafi in this bitch, set it off nigga..
What?
[Kadafi]
I do my shootin's on a knob, prayin to God for my squad
Stuck in a nightmare, hopin he might care
Though times is hard, up against all odds, I play my cards
Like I'm jailin, shots hittin up my spot like midnight rains hailin
Got me bailin to stacks more green; Gods ain't tryin to be trapped
On no block slangin no rocks like bean pies
Brainstorm on the beginnin
Wonder how shit like the Qu'ran and the Bible was written
What is religion?
God's words or a curse like crack?
Shai-tan's way of gettin us back
Or just another one of my Black JesuS traps
[Storm]
Who's got the heart to stand beside me?
I feel my enemies creepin up in silence
Dark prayer, scream violence - demons all around me
Can't even bend my knees just a lost cloud; Black Jesus
Give me a reason to survive, in this earthly hell
Cause I swear, they tryin to break my well
I'm on the edge lookin down at this volatile pit
Will it matter if I cease to exist? Black Jesus
[Hook: 2Pac]
All hail, the pressure no endeavor can fail
Submissive souls turn to hoes when exposed to jail
In times of war we need somebody raw, rally the troops
Like a saint that we can trust to help to carry us through
Black Jesus
[Young Noble]
Outlawz we got our own race, culture, religion
Rebellin against the system, commence to lynchin
The President ain't even listenin to the pain of the youth
We make music for eternity, forever the truth
Political prisoner, the two choices that they givin us
Ride or die, for life they sentence us
Oh Black Jesus, please watch over my brother Shawn
Soon as the sky get bright, it's just another storm
Brothers gone, now labeled a statistic
Ain't no love for us ghetto kids, they call us nigglets
History repeats itself, nuttin new
In school I knew, e'rything I read wasn't true
Black Jesus
[2Pac]
To this click I'm dedicated, criminal orientated
An Outlaw initiated, blazed and faded
Made for terror, major league niggas pray together
Bitches in they grave while my real niggas play together
We die clutchin' glasses, filled with liquor bomblastic
Cremated, last wishes niggas smoke my ashes
High sigh why die wishin', hopin' for possibilities
I'll mob on, while they copy me sloppily
Cops patrol projects, hatin' the people livin' in them
I was born an inmate, waitin' to escape the prison
Went to church but don't understand it, they underhanded
God gave me these commandments, the world is scandalous
Blast 'til they holy high; baptize they evil minds
Wise, no longer blinded, watch me shine trick
Which one of y'all wanna feel the degrees?
Bitches freeze facin Black Jesus
[Hook]
[Kastro]
Some say, some day, some how, some way, we gon' fail
And it ain't hard to tell, we dwell in hell
Trapped, black, scarred and barred
Searching for truth, where it's hard to find God
I play the Pied Piper, and to this Thug Life, I'm a lifer
Proceed, to turn up the speed, just for stripes
My Black Jesus, walk through this valley with me
Where we, so used to hard times and casualties
Indeed, it hurt me deep to have to sleep on the streets
And haven't eaten in weeks, so save a prayer for me
And all the young thugs, raised on drugs and guns
Blazed out and numb, slaves to this slums
This ain't livin... Jesus
{​​*singers repeat in background 3X*}​​
We believed in you
Everything you do
Just wanna let you know, how we feel
Black Jesus!
Searchin for Black Jesus
It's hard, it's hard
We need help out here
So we searchins for Black Jesus
It's like a Saint, that we pray to in the ghetto, to get us through
Somebody that understand our pain
You know maybe not too perfect, you know
Somebody that hurt like we hurt
Somebody that smoke like we smoke
Drink like we drink
That understand where we coming from
That's who we pray to
We need help y'all

Homeboyz by 2Pac + Outlawz
[2Pac]
Oh shit, caught that nigga alone
Ain't that a bitch
Hey, uh, this one here is, uhh
For them niggas that be Johnny Dangerous when they be fuckin fifty deep
But they be fuckin cowards when they by theyselves
You know who I'm talkin about
(You know who I'm talkin about) that's right
You ain't shit without your homeboys
You ain't shit without your homeboys
You ain't shit without your homeboys
[Verse 1: 2Pac]
Now...
Now everytime I see you cats is rollin in packs
For the life of me I cannot see why you don't know how to act
Love to clown when you deep, but when you on that solo creep
Out on the streets you don't hear a peep
Nigga it's a god damn shame, somebody explain
Why they sent a Bad Boy to play a grown man's game
Tear that ass out the frame, completely get that ass kicked
Woke up on the street but you'll be sleepin in the casket
How long will it last, nigga don't ask, just be first to blast
Outlaw on the mash tryin to be the first to see some cash
My shit's classic, like my nigga Nate
Go get the tape, we keep the nation anticipatin until we break
Money made me evil, court cases got me stressed
Niggas aimin at my head but I still wear my vest
I don't give a fuck motherfuckers I'm loc
They all duckin when my gun smoke
Cause you ain't shit without your homeboys
[Hook: 2Pac]
You probably run at the sound of funk
I give a fuck, you niggas is punks
Without your homeboys, you be the first to reach in your trunk
You scary niggas is punks, you ain't shit without your homeboys
Nigga, punk ass motherfucker
You ain't shit without your homeboys
Throw your hands up you little trick, coward motherfucker
[Verse 2: Young Noble]
Like Yak said, how the fuck you gonna shoot me rocks
When you got the Outlaw 'Pac shittin ya box
You was lookin real weak walkin down the street
Now a nigga thirty deep, oh you wanna beef
Talk cheap, shoot a nigga the fair one
Your homies like fuck it, what's this you the only scared one
(faggot ass) Damn son, close call I bet
Now down around the way you gets no respect
They like that Outlaw nigga played you out
We could have took it to the fists, I would I have laid you out
Niggas be actin all different when they dogs come around
Watch em act like bitches when Outlawz draw down
They all clown, better yet they all stunned
You the type to have a gun and never blazed it once
Get y'all banana split, you ain't Emmanuel
Outlawz you'll never forget
Makaveli the Don get a call y'all
Turnin these streets into Vietnam
Where your homeboys, homeboy
[Hook: 2Pac]
You ain't shit without your homeboys
My thug niggas, I love niggas
From small time crooks to big-time drug dealers
My homeboys, the only thing a nigga got left
I love my niggas to death, we ain't shit without our homeboys
[2Pac Talking]
.. You know what time it is
I ain't shit without my homeboys
Hey, tell em the story how you came up nigga
[Verse 3: 2Pac]
Now I was born alone, took my first joint and I got high alone
Now I'm an Outlaw nigga, I never die alone
Me and my niggas is so close, it's complicated
One nigga smokin and drinkin, and yet we all faded
My nigga Edi had a son we all happy
Cause now that little ridah got to deal with eight daddies
My niggas cry, we all cry, and all ride
To rectify the problem, motherfuckers they all die
Been tryin to make a million, by hustlin since my adolescence
From crack dealin to rap villian, my new profession
Who wanna see me at eight deep, fuck 3D
You coward ass motherfuckers'll never see me
Bustin with automatic straps, my raw raps like good crack
Niggas fiendin, I got em comin back
Until I die, they label me as a ridah
Forever, my niggas be together
[Outro Hook]
Ain't shit without your homeboys
Thug niggas I love niggas
From small time crooks to big-time drug dealers
Without your homeboys, the only thing a nigga got left
I love my niggas to death
We ain't shit without our homeboys
(without our homeboys)
Love my niggas to death
We ain't shit without our homeboys
Love you niggas to death

Hell 4 A Hustler by 2Pac + Outlawz
Get on yo knees nigga, get on yo knees and pray
[Verse 1: 2Pac]
Increase the doses, bust on whoever closest
Thug livin', hell of prison, never losin' my focus
I'm makin' money moves mandatory, end of discussion
My past records tell a story, picture niggas with rushin'
And still bustin', till the cops come runnin', duck in abandoned buildings
Ditchin' my gun, homeboy the motherfuckin' villain
I live the lifestyles of drug dealers, but now legitly
So I laugh til I'm cryin', when the Lord come get me
No baby momma drama, nigga missed me
Why plant seeds in a dirty bitch waitin' to trick me
Not the life for me, livin' carefree till I'm buried
And if they dare me, I'll bust on them niggas, and until they scurry
I'm clearly a man of military means, to my artillery
Watchin' over me through every murder scene
From adolescence, to my early teens, thought we was gonna die
Sellin' dope to all the fiends, at times I wanna cry
And still, we try to change the past in vain
Never knowin' if this game will last, feelin' the shame
Of cocaine, the product of the devil, am I sellin' my soul
Got tired of small time livin' nigga tellin' me no
I got mine, fuck them other suckas
That's the mentality, jealous ass bustas make it hell for a hustler
[Hook: 2Pac & Yaki Kadafi]
Lord, help me change my ways (Lord!)
Show a little mercy on Judgment day (help me change my ways)
It ain’t me, I was raised this way
I never let ‘em play me for a busta, make it Hell 4 a hustler (why I was raised this way?)
Lord, help me change my ways
Show a little mercy on Judgment day (on a judgement days)
It ain’t me, I was raised this way
I never let 'em play me for a busta, make it Hell 4 a hustler
[Verse 2: Edi Mean]
Now in these last days and times I takes mines so serious
Gotta get that paper quickly and escape the sickness
If I fail, then I suffer, bein' broke is hell 4 a hustler
So I stay strugglin' and jugglin' with all the might I can muster
Since a youngster, been money hungry, moved in
One’s five’s and ten’s was funny money
So I sets my sights bigger, four figures or mo'
Real nigga fo' sho', out in the cold for dough
What you thought? [?] lost homies in plenty battles
Last two years shed plenty tears and I’ll send plenty at you
Let me catch you slippin' you soft niggas is outta here
In case you forgot we on the same shit that got us here
[Verse 3: Young Noble]
Yo, to e'ry step I take, e'ry sell I make
E'ry jail I break, e'ry mill' I ate
Head to head, whoever hustle hardest
On the block duckin' charges, nigga fuck the sergeant
He got a job, all my bottles got a pinch of coke
Listen tho' I’m missin' dough I gotta gather mo'
Hell naw, dead blocks with red tops but now a nigga sell words
For all my young thugs in jail in Jerz
They made it hell 4 a hustler, I bails high as fuck son
Dyin' luck none supply us with much guns
I buck one, just to let you know that I can touch ya
Slangin' cracks or raps, still hell 4 a hustler
[Hook]
Lord, help me change my ways (Lord!)
Show a little mercy on Judgment day (help me change my ways)
It ain’t me, I was raised this way
I never let ‘em play me for a busta, make it Hell 4 a hustler (why I was raised this way?)
Lord, help me change my ways
Show a little mercy on Judgment day (on a judgement days)
It ain’t me, I was raised this way
I never let ‘em play me for a busta, make it Hell 4 a hustler
[Verse 4: 2Pac]
No insanity plea from me, I ride the beef till I burn
Censor me and bar your kids from the lessons I learned
And in turn I'm hostile, guess you can recall me antisocial
Niggas shakin' like they caught the Holy Ghost when I approach
Try to politic before I smoke 'em, like Sun Tzu
Niggas do unto these snitches, before it's done to you
And if the cops come arrest me in the evening
Best believe they coming for my dogs in the morning
And if I die by a slug, the death of a true thug
Tell me will my niggas mourn me, gettin' blowed out
High watch me murder the bird before he testify
Strikes walking close to my third, I live a troubled life
And if you dream, be a part of my team from Long Beach to Queens
Drug dealers to ex-fiends
Keep yo eyes on the prize, nigga watch for bustas
Either heaven or jail, it's still hell for a hustler...
[Hook]
[Outro: 2Pac]
This is how we ride not knowin' if we’ll live or die
Catch me rollin' with my motherfuckin' guns on the side
In case of drama, I’m the first to break wild till they all die
This is how we ride not knowin' if we’ll live or die
Catch me rollin' with my motherfuckin' guns on the side
In case of drama, I’m the first to break wild until they all die, outlaw
Yes, change my ways yes, the Black Jesuz guide us through this
Weary weary weary weary, aight, only God can save us

High Speed by 2Pac + Outlawz
[E.D.I Amin]
High Speed
For all my niggas livin' in the rush
Slow it down just a notch baby
It's goin' be alright, it's goin' be alright
[2Pac + E.D.I Amin]
Life at High Speed
Fuck the punishment, Thai weed
I gonna buy me a gun
Fuck doin' time
[2Pac]
I live life High Speed
Slightly disillusioned by weed
I breed thug muthafuckas even worse than me
When I bleed, my enemies best to flee quickly
Harm me, My army
Niggas decease swiftly
Look at you now, why you wanna act out?
I pull the hammer back
Strike wit' a cannon that'll blow yo muthafuckin' back out
They blast but I'm still standin'
Slightly scarred deep
Questions for the lord, "why he don't like me, god??"
So, though my life was hard with no remorse
I absorb all lessons, provide protection for the boss
Rollin' in my double R, rugged and ruthless
Keep a vest through these hard times, knowin' it's useless
And my crew, we crooked, be mistaken for Jews
We all about our cash, blast if you break the rules
Fools turned snitch for the D.A., be heaven-sent
Switched like a stone-bitch, turned state's evidence, why?
Then they wonder why niggas die
Put your family in danger just to get high
Now, what the hell can we get from jail?
More tricks for the crime trade, this is hell
Bail out, a thug nigga fresh out the jailhouse
Open your safe count and take all the mail out
Whatever happens happens
Whoever falls dies
We fresh out of time, livin' blind, so we all ride
In times like these, chronic or Thai weed
Puffin' through this High Speed
And people say...
[Hook: 2Pac]
Whatcha gonna do when you get outta jail?
I'm gonna buy me a gun
Then what's next?
Food and Sex, house parties in the projects
We goin' all night
Whatcha gonna do when you get outta jail?
I'm gonna buy me a gun
Then what's next?
Food and Sex, house parties in the projects
We goin' all night
[Yaki Kadafi]
Verbal assassin, I hit the corner fast, blastin'
Hot plastic stretch your chest plate back like elastic
No need to push me to split ya
I love beef, like pussy and pistols
For all you pussies that's softer than tissue
I ride by like the fall guy out the roof
Bustin' at you wise guy, gettin' high, sippin' hundred proof
Gettin' your neck joints low to verdict wit' mine
Get that ass attacked, murdered, and robbed, blind from behind
Pepper shots pourin'
Catchin' niggas while they snorin'
Kickin' his door in
I'll leave your whole fuckin' family in mourning
Bust me, you itchy-bitchy types can't touch me
Frontin' like you're hard
I'll play your fuckin' yard like a trussel
[Hook: 2Pac]
Whatcha gonna do when you get outta jail?
I'm gonna buy me a gun
Then what's next?
Food and Sex, house parties in the projects
We goin' all night
Whatcha gonna do when you get outta jail?
I'm gonna buy me a gun
Then what's next?
Food and Sex, house parties in the projects
We goin' all night
[E.D.I Amin]
At times, I look through times wit' so much anger
Wonderin' why it keeps on passin', pushin' me into danger
No stranger to hard times or the good ones
At times I'm amazed
At what the motherfuckin' hood done
What we do to get paid
All day, for the almighty, dollar
Don't even bother to holla
We all destined to be swallowed
By the same thing we lust for
Threw away our morals in bags of dust, more
Niggas is dying tommorrow
We, bet on all time
Nigga the clocks tickin'
Approachin' is the day you gonna need money or Glocks spittin'
Cops sittin', politicians passin' laws you ain't know what
Soon that money gon' be illegal when you die to
Keep your dough up
But I ain't goin' tell you, what?, to stop chasin' paper
Man, I'm just like ya'll, I worry 'bout that shit later
Put the metal to the pedal, slash up nigga, blaze
Lets get blowed out High Speed til the end of my dayz
Now my people say
[Hook: 2Pac - repeat 5X]
Whatcha gonna do when you get outta jail?
I'm gonna buy me a gun
Then what's next?
Food and Sex, house parties in the projects
We goin' all night
[2Pac]
High Speedz (we goin' all night)
Life of an Outlaw, ghetto starz (we goin' all night)
(Yes) I'm gonna buy me a gun
Whatcha gonna do when you get outta jail?
(I'm gonna buy me a gun)
For my niggas on the WestSide and the EastSide
And the NorthSide and the SouthSide
(I'm gonna buy me a gun)
(Whatcha gonna do when you get outta jail?)
From Compton to Jersey
(I'm gonna buy me a gun)
Gettin' it real hard
Niggas in Michigan, (M.O.B nigga, M.O.B)
From Atlanta, Georgia to Utah
(Whatcha gonna do when you get outta jail?)
From St. Louis to Alabama
(I'm gonna buy me a gun)
From Mississippi to Oakland, from San Francisco to San Diego
Seattle to Florida
(Whatcha gonna do when you get outta jail?)
Maine to Mass, haha
(I'm gonna buy me a gun)
Food and Sex
(Whatcha gonna do when you get outta jail?)
And it don't stop, and it won't quit
(I'm gonna buy me a gun)
And it don't stop, and it won't quit
And it don't stop, and it won't quit
(I'm gonna buy me a gun)
Then what's next?
Food and Sex, house parties in the projects
We goin' all night
High Speedz
And it don't stop, and it won't quit
(We goin' all night)
And it don't stop, and it won't quit
(We goin' all night)
And it don't stop, and it won't quit
(We goin' all night)
And it don't stop, and it won't quit
(I'm gonna buy me a gun)
And it don't stop, and it won't quit
(I'm gonna buy me a gun)
And it don't stop, and it won't quit
And it don't stop, and it won't quit
Outlawz with that rough shit, baby!
[E.D.I Amin]
Learn about it
Pac you goin' rap?

The Good Die Young by 2Pac + Outlawz
[Intro]
These is hard times we livin' in
Churches burnin', planes fallin' from the sky
Murder, the good die young
Hahaha, The good definitely die young
This is a lil' somethin'
To help you get through the day
If it could
[Verse 1: 2Pac]
It was more than a tragedy
Emotions be grabbin' me
Plane fell from the sky
We tryin' to figure what happened
Burnin' churches, fearin' God
Who can be so cruel
We all ignorant to AIDS
Till it happens to you
Just be a man, make plans
Listen to your voice
A woman's tryin' to make decisions
We should leave them a choice
Cause who we to say who lives and die
Breathes and stops
All this judgement on other lives
Needs to stop
What are we livin' for
Givin' more back than takin'
On my knees still waitin' for my own salvation
Now I feel abandoned
Cause Pat Buchanan say I'm greedy
You can take my taxes, send me to war
But can't feed me
It's so easy to regret thangs
After they done
Babies catchin' murder cases
Scared to laugh in the sun
The tragedies that we all need
Love in doses
In times like these we feel closest
The good die young
[Hook]
Does anybody have an answer why
It seems the good die young
Can anybody tell me why
Can anybody tell me why (2x)
[Verse 2]
Now in my world will it get worse
When I been trapped since birth
But I had to sleep in a hearse
Cause it was my bed first
My grands probably burnin'
Turnin' in they grave
Some folks ain't even get to see a high age
But they did so I ain't afraid
And this money got me feelin like a star
And this murder got me
Feelin like my death ain't far
And the land of stolen cars
Don't get no better
Don't get no weaker or no harder
I was raised in a rush without my moms
And my father
So tell me somethin
If I grab my gat and get the dumpin'
Would God get to lookin' at me funny
Rest in peace to my mother Aquillah Beale
Rest in peace to my father Salek Beale
Rest in peace to my grandparents
And thug in peace to my brother Seike
You know I love you
[Verse 3]
Which is worst, first Storm and then Al
Pac and then Yak
Redrey (?) Brown
Coulda' sworn I seen ya face in a cloud
Family grievin' on your last breath
Close to the heart whether you know it or not
I swear the love won't stop
Jewel, that's my boo
Mom, Duke and Lou
From jump
You kept it true, helped to feed the crew
The good die young
Livin' fast jumpin' the gun
Mama blamin' the community for killin' her son
My cousin Darren wasn't scared of goin'
But never knowin' he was dyin' slower
I guess I see ya when I see ya soulja
[Hook]
[Verse 4]
I know my life ain't promised
That's why the wise move in silence
Analyze these scandalous times
It's hard dogg but we manage
Schools turn to war zones
Even homes unsafe
Leavin' children to play caged and raged
They hate, how come
Someone explain why the good die young
Why the bad die slow and outlive everyone
It's time somethin' is done
For our young kids
They growin' hopeless
That ain't the way to live
Tell me why
[Verse 5]
Days go past and as they pass
Time move quicker
No time for wastin'
Put your hustle down my young dealers
Cause the end is nearer
But at least that's what they tellin' me
Hell, all I know brothers
Ain't ridin' 4 3 felonys
It's time to plan, plot, and strategize
Capitalize, mobilize
We in the war y'all
It's for all y'all
My family to the ones that stand me
Little bit mo' love is what's recommended
Yeah, and it's plain to see
The seeds from you and me
Gon' be the ones to lead us towards unity
That's if we treat them right
Man, teach them right
Raise your kids better than you was
And see what it does
But if you don't
Man, we sure to be dumb
And we'll all see exactly why the good die young
[Hook]
[Outro] 2Pac
I send this out for all my homeboys that passed away
And all yo' homeboys that passed away
I send this out to all the former fallen soldiers
That's in the cemeteries buried
Never got to see they dreams
For everything I touch you touch
For every step I take you take
For every breath I breathe you breathe
Every dollar I make you make
I told you we'd make it to the sunshine one day
You just got there a little quicker
But like my homeboys Thugs say
I'll catch ya at the crossroads
The good die young
This song is dedicated to all them
Young kids that died innocent
That died young
At Columbine High
Rest in Peace (Oklahoma)
Outlawz
Lil' yummy Sandifer
Tasha, all them
All the fallen kids
The dead babies
The closed caskets

Killuminati by 2Pac + Outlawz
[Intro 2Pac]
Makaveli The Don, break on 'em!
Ah put ya, ah put ya hands on ya, hands on ya heater
Hands on ya, hands on ya heater
Hands on ya, hand
[Verse 1: 2Pac]
Let it be prophesized; niggas'll die because ya crew's goon
Around the way niggas get murdered by the full moon
Heard it in whispered tones
Niggas is bold and they choose to roll
I kill em all, watch now nigga truth be told
Westside was the war cry, look how they scatter
Niggas dyin by my 30-yard, brains'll splatter
Wonder why these niggas cross me
I'm certified crazy, so sick the world made me
Now diggy-die, everytime I ride it's for reasons
Hard to kill a nigga cause I'm comin back like Jesus
Bow down to my ill nation runnin from drug cases
Lookin at my congregation so full of thug faces
Momma gave a nigga breath, a life of stress
I invest in a vest and makin niggas watch they every step
Label me a threat
And I ain't even got started with this shit yet
Thug style baby, hands on my pistol, listen I'm a ridah
Every nigga breathin pay attention
Bout to show you motherfuckers how it feel, to drop a body
A Simple glimpse of my lifestyle, Killuminati…
[Chorus (Kastro) + 2Pac]
(Yo Makaveli they can't stop you)
Hold it down
(Killuminati and we got you, got you)
(Yo Makaveli they can't stop you)
Hold it down
(Killuminati and we got you, got you)
(Yo Makaveli they can't stop you)
Hold it down
(Killuminati and we got you, got you)
(Yo Makaveli they can't stop you)
Hold it down
(Killuminati and we got you, got you)
[Verse 2: 2Pac]
After the fire comes the rain, after the pleasure there's pain
Even though we broke for the moment, we'll be ballin again
Til I make it yo; my military be prepared for them bustaz
Similar to, bitches too scary, get too near me we rushin
Visions of over-packed prisons, millions of niggas thug livin
Pressures and three strikes, I hope they don't test us
They pull the heat out ammunition in crates, psssh..
Move without a sound, as we slide down, pistols in place
They got me fiendin for currency, the money be callin
It’s like I’m — dreamin, seein' scenes of me ballin
Participated in felonious behavior
Cock the cocked fo'-five, snatchin niggas pagers
Labeled a mark soon as we start, it was hard to quit
We started out drinkin 40's, moved to harder shit
God damn now I'm a grown man, I follow no man
Nigga got my own plan, and it's called Killuminati
[Chorus (Kastro) + 2Pac]
(Yo Makaveli they can't stop you)
(Killuminati and we got you, got you)
Killuminati
(Yo Makaveli they can't stop you)
Hold it down
(Killuminati and we got you, got you)
(Yo Makaveli they can't stop you)
Hold it down
(Killuminati and we got you, got you)
(Yo Makaveli they can't stop you)
Hold it down
(Killuminati and we got you, got you)
[Verse 3 :E.D.I. Amin]
I spend most of my time bankin niggas
Because they hate a nigga, comin across fake niggas
But we made niggas, old school and I'm thinkin
Y'all some bitch made niggas and you steadily sinkin
O-U-T, L-A-W-Z ain't nuttin fuckin with that
We bustin back comin back for the stacks
Laugh last cash cash, all I want is the paper
Givin them fuckers tool whips, I rule haters
Y'all can't fade us, we kill steal and peal quickly
The boss niggas, definitely, put it down strictly
E.D.I. Amin, until the law come for me
Kill em all for shortie, ninety-nine Killuminati
[Verse 4: Kadafi]
They got me thinkin strugglin and hustling's my only fate
Toppin grams on the kichen plate, tryin to keep that money straight
Times is rollin three up these streets sleep
But when I crack, hammer cocked back rapped in my sheets
My life's been crossed, crooked since a seed it hurts
Got a package from the devil, payin my deeds
Preocuppied by the greed, in this crooked life I lead
More funds to spend, or bigger guns to squeeze
Me and my thugs clock G's simpin naughty thangs
Real as these tatt's on my body, and it's Killuminati
[Chorus (Kastro) + 2Pac]
(Yo Makaveli they can't stop you)
Hold it down
(Killuminati and we got you, got you)
(Yo Makaveli they can't stop you)
Hold it down
(Killuminati and we got you, got you)
(Yo Makaveli they can't stop you)
Hold it down
(Killuminati and we got you, got you)
(Yo Makaveli they can't stop you)
Hold it down
(Killuminati and we got you, got you)
[Outro: 2Pac]
Makaveli the Don until I'm gone, I maintain
Hold it down, hold it down
Makaveli up in this bitch, worldwide mash, Westside
Makaveli the Don until I'm gone, I maintain
The question we ask, do you know what time it is?
Hold it down, hold it down
You know what type of shit we be
Makaveli the Don until I'm gone, I maintain
You want that hip-hop real
It's that hip-hop that's real
Hold it down, hold it down
Hip-hop that's worldwide, feel?
Makaveli the Don until I'm gone, I maintain
Fuck with me nigga you get killed!
Hold it down, hold it down
It don't get no realer than this
Makaveli the Don until I'm gone, I maintain
What's my motherfuckin name nigga?
Hold it down, hold it down
My niggas we all bad
Makaveli the Don until I'm gone, I maintain
What's my muh'fuckin name nigga?
Hold it down, hold it down
What's my muh'fuckin name?
Makaveli the Don until I'm gone, I maintain
Outlawz in this BITCH
Death Row at his finest
Makaveli the Don until I'm gone, I maintain
Repeat! Death Row at it's finest
Nigga, you know what time it is
Makaveli the Don until I'm gone, I maintain..
Outlawz..

Teardrops and Closed Caskets by 2Pac + Outlawz
[2Pac]
(hahhh, hahaha) Hehehe, word
It's like all we got left - teardrops and closed caskets
(throw it up fool, hey nigga, haha)
Tell me how you feel homey
(Yeah, it took a week to go down)
You recollects and see how crazy it sounds
The whole town's on a mission, adolescents (penitentary bound)
(Now introducin Young Trigga)
Since birth, eyes set on gettin bigger
Just anotha wild-ass nigga
(But he was fiendin for Precious) WHAT?
(But Precious was a ghetto girl)
Couldn't be no sex without that gold Lexus
(But Lil' Trigga was heartbroken, he had to get his papers)
Seein visions of people smokin and niggas catchin vapors
Got his man from around the corner (we'll call him Lil' Mo)
(Been in so many reform schools they had to let him go)
(Here's where the plot thickens)
They got a plot to make a profit with they Glocks spittin
(They call the squad, hittin blocks with they guns blowin)
(Somebody's gonna die tonight)
Still no one's knowin, so they kept goin
Catchin dealers comin out they cars (will they survive?)
(Two semi-automatic nines, them niggas died)
(Plus nobody in the hood cries, it's like they celebrate
To death and wish they could die) So peep the lesson
But wait a minute back to Precious
She's snortin dope in the back seat of Trigg's Lexus
TEARDROPS AND CLOSED CASKETS
[Nate] Will I.. forever be alone
[Pac] Teardrops and closed caskets
[Lawz] TEARDROPS AND CLOSED CASKETS
[Nate] Will I.. forever be alone
[Pac] Teardrops and closed caskets
(Don't let these ghetto streets get you, Precious)
(was the victim, from a dime to a nickel)
Hopin God's blessings stick with ya
Picture the neighborhood kingpin, who's gettin bigger
Familiar face, but a man now, it's Lil' Trigga
Now Lil' Mo was a soldier to the fullest
Down for his homies, always the first to spit bullets
(All he wanted was to be a thug)
Never pictured his truest homeboy would fall in love
(Here's where it gets ya)
Now Precious is pregnant, Lil' Trigga is happy
He wants to marry her now (not knowin he ain't the daddy)
But Precious was lonely while Lil' Trigga was makin dough
She's slippin in secret places and gettin with Lil' Mo
The neighborhood's buzzin, now people are talkin
Lil' Trigga's gettin pictures of the both of 'em walkin
(Hand in hand, couldn't understand)
How his baby's mama could disapear with another man
(and his best friend)
Now jealousy's dangerous, and if you don't believe me
Then watch the way that this story ends and maybe you'll see
There ain't no heroes or villains, ain't no pleasure in killin
Just the smoke from the cap peelin a man with no feelings
TEARDROPS AND CLOSED CASKETS
[Nate] Will I.. forever be alone
[Pac] Teardrops and closed caskets
Bury you dead and look ahead
A man with no feelings
[Lawz] TEARDROPS AND CLOSED CASKETS
[Nate] Will I.. forever be alone
[Pac] Teardrops and closed caskets
That's all we got left, that's all
[Outlawz]
Now with the problems of poverty
And the tricks to these tales
How many people'll die
How many'll live to tell
Although best friends before
Lil' Trigga and Mo
(They in an all out war, over a fiend they ain't know)
Behind the curtains their privacy lust is already laid down
The results is the same with different names and it turns out
[2Pac]
Y'all know how it is, same old thing in the same old town
Lil' Trigg got his nose wide open on this one trick, now he's played out
Think it's Lil' Mo (was plottin plans on gettin bigger)
(Precious was his way to put his hands on Lil' Trigga)
All the while let's look at Precious
Too dumb to see what's goin down (too doped up to ask questions)
Used to be comrades (but now we blast on sight)
What could be so bad (God, will we last tonight?)
From misdemeanors to felonies, small-time to sellin ki's
I can't believe the shit they tellin me
They open fire, three bodies drop, so call the cops
(Precious, Lil' Mo and Trigg)
TEARDROPS AND CLOSED CASKETS
[Nate] Will I.. forever be alone
[Pac] Aiy QDIII in this motherfucker
Teardrops and closed caskets
We dedicate this to all the fallen comrades
(that's right)
All the homies that didn't make it to see this day
(rest in peace)
[Nate] Will I.. forever be alone
[Pac] Yaknahmean? I know it's hard out there, heheh
With teardrops and closed caskets
It's like that's all we got to look forward to these days
Murders, brothers dyin, funerals
[Nate] Will I.. forever be alone
[Pac] Shit, it's like I done ran out of suits homey
I done ran out of tears
Know we gon' have to do somethin y'all
We gon' have to do somethin
[Nate] Will I.. forever be alone
[Pac] Cause I know all these mothers is tired of seein the same thing
(rest in peace)
Teardrops and closed caskets
I send this out to Mutulu and Geronimo
And to, all the fallen comrades, all the soldiers
[Nate] Will I.. forever be alone
(to the homey Boonie, rest in peace nigga)
[Pac] All the homies that fell, all the homies
May God bless your families
May you always live in the motherfuckin heart
[Nate] Will I.. forever be alone
[Pac] In a thug niggas heart forever
(that's right)
Rest in peace nigga
May your enemies be deceased, dead on the streets
We can't have peace til the niggas get a piece
[Nate] Will I..

Tattoo Tears by 2Pac + Outlawz
[2Pac]
Live back at 'cha Westside baaaaby
Aight fuck it, we gone flip some new shit now
You heard "All Eyez on Me," niggas know what time it is
(Makaveli the Don) 'Pac do it like that
Rhymin and stealin, sellin five million
(Outlaw.. ninety-nine)
Fresh out on bail, niggas still can't see me
(Napoleon, E.D.I, Young Noble, Fatal Hussein)
That's how it is
Now we got a new motherfuckin plan, and a new mission
(Makaveli the Don, Greg Nice, Outlaw - Outlaw)
Competition, so they say, these niggas is gay
(Outlaw - Outlaw)
Blast me? It could never happen
At least not while I'm walkin and rappin
Heard of some niggas on the other side of town who wanna ride wit me
(Throw ya hands up, hands up)
They can't hide, listen to the rough shit, my click
(Throw ya motherfuckin hands up)
I said many times busters still can't see
Y'all niggas can't fuck with me (Outlaw)
I been, handlin stress in this shit for years
Blazed out sheddin tattooed tears; now, I
Said many times busters still can't see
Y'all niggas can't fuck with me (Outlaw)
I been, handlin stress in this shit for years
Blazed out sheddin tattooed tears
Now, Rock-a-bye baby, I'm thugged out and so crazy
Don't want to hurt a soul nigga, so don't make me
I got a dream to see my whole team in Lexus Coupes
My enemies dead n buried, now the stress is through
But that's a dream, though it seems like reality; there'll
Never be peace long as there's fiends on these Cali streets
Even on the other side brothers die, but ride
Niggas get high off a slow form of suicide
Hide the closest thoughts, the war is fought as casualties
I live my life to fuckin mo', exposin tragically
How can we find some peace and niggas still ain't get a piece
I know I'm probably hellbound, but we got to eat
I'm seeing Satin infiltratin; my military mind
Make me hustle all the time, go out for cash makin
Forgive my adversaries they don't understand what we go through
To become a man, we sheddin tattoed tears
Chorus: 2Pac + Young Noble
I said many times busters still can't see
Y'all niggas can't fuck with me (Outlaw)
I been, handlin stress in this shit for years
Blazed out sheddin tattooed tears; now, I
Said many times busters still can't see
Y'all niggas can't fuck with me (Outlaw)
I been, handlin stress in this shit for years
Blazed out sheddin tattooed tears
[2Pac] Thugged out baby!
[Young Noble]
We don't shed tears we shed blood
Do you still wanna be a thug? HUH? WHAT?
We don't shed tears we shed blood
Do you still wanna be a thug?
Yo, criminal ways of thinkin made me crave Abe Lincolns
The days I spent stinkin caught victims on the weekends
Seeking a better path, expose a better half of me
Blast for me, the task after me
For a few years sheddin tattooed tears
Like Gram' Sammy, we feudin for the whole damn family
We scarred up, homies is barred up for mad time
Outlawz locked down for some past crimes
Fast dimes made my stash grow smaller
Your block ain't no harder, fake baller
[Napoleon]
Nigga it's like this
I been thuggin just for the cause of it
Out to get all of it, but I'll never loose my balls and shit
And it's all for the pressure
That'll make me cock my shit up off the dresser
Made nigga mafia of course my niggas gonna test ya
Answers to the questions, bullets to my Smith N' Wesson
Still stucked up in a fuck session, Jersey where the niggas flexin
Po-po's guessin if the stolen car gonna do a drive-by
Wet em up from his shoulders, leave him bye-bye
Now mama cry-cry, but it ain't my time to either die-die
So ask me why-why, but I feel that God owe me my life
For the things he did, but I turn my pleasure into sin
Blazed out sheddin tattoed tears
Chorus
[Kadafi]
Shit.. ain't no unity in my community it's do or die
Seein my opprunities through these bars of hell while gettin high
As life replays like time; underhanded schemes
To get that cream and thangs while livin this life of crime
My enemies want me squeezed
They get dumped like 3's, with 57 wasted at they knees
Please beware we thugs revolution size
Criminals dare be last mental me intitutionalize
Locked down, got many shell shocked, now
Holdin down fort like I'm stuck in court cell block style
[Kastro]
Yo I been loosin sleep, stay awake way past late
Visions of killers en masse at the blast mayne
As I lay here gatted down and tatted
Knowin now it's hard to slow down for a addict
It's been years of stugglin, guzzlin beers
Beefin and never even, ain't no love in the air
And I suffer my shit in hell, talkin to the heavens
Walkin thru the valley of death with my fellas
I lost a lot, startin with hope I tried
And for every tattoo I got a moment I cried
I'm thru with the lies, the two in my eyes, yell pain
Step in my shoes, nuttin to lose, but my brain
I'mma hold it down tho', with all the struggle to bear
Ain't nothing to fear, cryin these tattooed tears
Come on...
Chorus (repeats to fade)

U Can Be Touched by 2Pac + Outlawz
(Napoleon Talking)
Life...
What the fuck is life for niggas like us?
Been waking up to another muthafuckin' day
I'm the type of soldier
A nigga that seen
Everything in my muthafuckin eyes
I seen my parents get killed
To my muthafuckin eyes
I seen my brother kill his-self in my eyes
I seen Pac.. Yak.. die in the struggle in my eyes
So I know anybody can be touched
You know what I mean?
(Napoleon)
Oh God forgive me
Somebody please say a prayer for me
Needed my parents
But they was never there for me
Believe in everything they feed me
I'm seeing demons
I wake up screaming
Who believe me or was I dreaming?
Five fingers on the .45 chrome
Dead aim at my brain, infared with no lights on
I ain't afraid to die, I want to see what's after this
I'm living blind writing rhymes
Til they capture this
And if we die let the world understand why
Soldier my eyes hate to see a young thug cry
They seeing us inside a casket
That's how they see us
Oh God forgive us ghetto bastards
We human beings
They leaving us inside this hell-hole
Just waiting to fail so they tell us
That's what jail for
Adolescent young teens turned violent
It's floating, in a world turned silent
Cause you could be touched
[Hook Makaveli]
Young niggas in the wild life
Criminal mind of a juvenile still live a child life
Thinking he can make his pay
Too in a rush, niggas better slow down
Cause you can be touched
Young niggas in the wild life
Criminal mind of a juvenile still live a child life
Thinking he can make his pay
Too in a rush, niggas better slow down
Cause you can be touched
(E.D.I)
I live life high speed
Moving a million miles per hour
Towards my destiny
Making decesions carelessly
Yeah it's me, yo nigga man child
Bomb first stand proud
Ain't looking for hand-outs
Twenty-five years up in this bitch
And I'll be damned if I ain't leaving rich
And leave my kids a grip
I let my blood drip off in this thug shit
You can be touched, I catch you slippin' while I'm on a money mission
Like right now, 30 dollars to my John Hancock
Try to get mo' so my shit don't flock
I lick off shots for everything they owe me
And when it's my time to go
I pray the Lord hold me
(U can be touched)
(Kastro)
I was born in the city that never sleeps
Schooled by the realest of the real niggas
That ever breathed
And I was big when I was young
And now I see that I was dumb
My nigga.. Lonnie just got hit with 10... 10 years
For trusting a friend
They left him stuck in the Penn
I love him, we all here just to die here, plus
Nobody cares what got here
Touched by a angel and kissed by the Lord
Praise the thug ways and I'll never be bored
Touched by a angel and kissed by the Lord
Y'all praise the thug ways
So forever it's on.. baby
[Hook - Makaveli]
(Young Noble)
Why grieve this life
Planted by the fiends and pipes
Green lights so
I'm seeing-seeing everything twice
Pretty much of nothing nice
(naw) we sucking it up
Even when we get a job, we fucking it up
Like it can't happen to us
I could never be a bum
Yeah right, you wound up one
God forbid I'm touched, y'all keep living it up
Look and learn
Next it could be your turn... word
(Kadafi)
Yes this a felonies' hobby
That got me here thinking robbery
Day to day all year long
Teflon protects my body
It's such unimportant in this criminal cartel
I'm caught and supporting me
So in these streets of hockey
I play the goalie
Secretz to war licks, and score shit
Share between clients and homies
Remember what Patcino told me
Before he past
Watch them clowns with them crocodile smiles
Cause they phony, I get that cash, stay lonely
And I'm point like a thong
And it's survive for the strong
Living outside the laws of this crooked world
I was born touched
([Hook - Makaveli]

Y'all Don't Know Us by 2Pac + Outlawz
(Young Noble)
Yo, I can see
That you obviously don't know me or my homies
We O-U-T Lawz, fuck the phonies
A wise hustler once told me, it's on you
Though it was dreams when he first told me Now it's true
I got love for you only to a certain exstend
Niggas ain't worth shit
Cops and ride dick permits
I heard this and heard that
About them O-U-T Lawz
Some of them soldiers got shot
Some of them soldiers fell off
Fuck yall now everybody tied to us
Hollering out a nigga name
But never said what up
That shit critical, dispicable, unforgiveable
I too like Hot ??
Your own fan won't remember you
Thuggin but we still spriutual, clear lyrical
I'm like the fuckin Deff Squad
My ears ain't hearin' yall
Pump fearin' yall
But damn I ain't even wantin' to scare yall
Listen to what I tell yall
Fuck the world
Your baby moms and your baby girl
You muthafuckas so fake
Yo they made me wanna earl
Blake, hate snakes thug hatin the degree
Outlawz on a paper chase
Can you relate thug niggas
(Napoleon Chorus)
We will never fall
Thru it all, we'll always stand tall
Cause in the end we'll be remembered as some young muthafucka soldiers
And if you believe in that shit that you heard
Y'all dont know us, y'all dont know us
(Napoleon)
Now I been trapped down
And fucked since day one
This industructional style of mine ain't no fun
Where I'm from
You sure to see about 10 niggas in a bedroom
Eating off the same spoon
Sweeping with the same broom
It's hazard, it's you don't want yo life
Well give me grab it
I was born inside a love zone
With a Glock-nine young marriage
It's critical
Then one of them sat down living so
Mystikal and empoious
With a heart full of anger it's so redicilous
So give me some with 21-gun soldier salute
With a 19-inch black handle snake knife in my boots
I'm straight from the strong, thug to your life
Right to yo wrong, I'll put the good to your evil
I'm the shells to your chrome, you dig that?
I'm life, I'll bring the moon to your night
I'll put the dick to your wife
And I'm the Jesuz of your Christ
You dig that? respect this
I'll bring the end to your claw
I'll bring the loc to your heart
And I'll put the snoop on yo dogs
You hear me?
We follow, this little bullet so hollow
I can promise that estacy ain't promised tomorrow
With this two man mades
Me and my soul death astrayed
I watch my parents get blowed away
Now look what it made
I'm something to face
This ludacy then with me, then with chemistry
Got my eyes on you, the first time you cross me
I'll be frying you, cause y'all don't know me
(Young Noble Chorus)
We will never fall
Thru the war, we'll always stand tall (Why)
Cause in the end we'll be remembered as some young muthafucka soldiers
(E.D.I)
When we was kids, the loving felt good
But of course have the respect
Though it's even better
Now for this chedder
Niggas is laying deader
Then Malcom and Martin put together
Oh Lord only knows where we'll end up
Remember what Pac said
Watch the fuckin signs
But we wasn't listening
Too busy trippin off his shine
Now one time for my muthafuckin' Outlawz
Napoleon, Noble, and Kastro
May we all roll
And if you don't know
We got the rap game petro
Scared cause we bout to release
Like heavy metal
Nationwide, underground
We running the ghettos
Stealing all of ya fan base like we kleptos
Bitch I can't let go
I been strugglin' too long, thuggin' too long
And niggas is stealing my shit
And busting it wrong
Hot shots holla back when you get 'em
Outlawz'll sic 'em, bustin back at the system
Military wisdom
Preparing myself for armegeddom
Breaking my balls at this game
Knowing it's a dead end
And my only weapon
Is my believe that I'm superior
Yeah we the muthafuckas
That you niggas is liery off
Controling my steam
Knowing my team to deserve more
Fuck the reframe
Stick to the game and earn more
Holding my head, rolling the head with focus
Laughing inside
Cause deep inside y'all don't know us
(Young Noble Chorus)
We will never fall
Thru it all, we'll always stand tall (Why)
Cause in the end we'll be remembered as some young muthafucka soldiers
And if you believe in that shit that you heard
Y'all dont know us, y'all dont know us
We will never fall (Never)
Thru the war, we'll always stand tall
Cause in the end we'll be remembered as some young muthafucka soldiers
And if you believe in that shit that you heard
Y'all dont know us, y'all dont know us
(E.D.I Talking)
Ain't never know niggas like us boy
They don't make niggas like us no more
Thug in Peace.. to all my niggas (Never)
See ya soon.. uhh
