
Thinking back, reminiscing on my teens
A young G getting paid over dope fiends
Fucking off cash that I made
Nigga, what's the sense of working hard if you never get to play
I'm hustling, staying out till it's dawn
And coming home at 6 o'Clock in the morning
Hand's on my Glock, eyes on the prize
Finger on the trigger when a nigga ride
Shooting craps, busting niggas out the door
Pick my money off the floor, God bless the tre-four
Stuck on full, drunk again
Sipping on gin with a couple of friends
Say them Thug Life niggas be like major pimps
Sticking to the rules was a major sin
And if I die, let it be
But when it come for me, bury me a G

Stuck on full, Tanqueray got a nigga high
Lord knows I don't need another DUI
I led a Thug Life, heartless hustler
Just cause I fuck don't mean I trust her
Now my pagers vibrating, can't sleep
So I'm mobbing to the ho's house, bumping Isley
"Is it cool to fuck?" Is what I'm asking
Bitch recognize game and started laughing
Now I'm all in those guts and shit
Praying that a nigga don't nut too quick
Cause I'll fuck and get up, I'll let you know
I'll be a 10 minute brother for a $2 ho
Lots of ho's get mad and shit
I let a trick be a trick, you can have that bitch
Cause I doubt if I change, the game's a motherfucker
Real niggas turn to busters, Bury Me a G

Game rules often slang to the right fools
Heavy hittin' at this motherfucker's straight spittin'
Digging deep into your brain
While trying to explain why real niggas need to stick to the game
It's the shame got these motherfuckers changin' on me
Jealous-ass player-haters gaming on me
Look out motherfucker, I'm a G
As in gettin' motherfuckers 'fore they come get me
Get down for the right for the wishes
Fake ass nigga, you in shit, for fightin' over bitches
You call that a player? Straight sissy
See me at my show nigga miss me
Cause I ain't tryin' to hear that bullshit
Got a pistol motherfucker try to pull quick
And just cause I'm rapping, it don't mean I ain't scrapping
And if you clip when the shit happens
It don't stop

I started young, kickin' dust and livin' rough
You watch your mouth around my mama you couldn't cuss, man
I had a down ass homie though; we ran the streets
And on the scene at the age of fourteen, huh
I packed a nine and my nigga packed a forty-five
We drinkin' forties, lil' shorties livin' naughty lives
You couldn't stop us, long as I got my Glock, fuck the coppers
Hangin' on the block, slangin' rocks and makin' profits
I couldn't fuck with the school life, I was a fool
I'll play that motherfucker for a tool, man
Tonight'll be the night that's what we thinkin'
Hustlin' in the rain felt no pain cause we drinkin'
Playin' them hoes like manure
First let my nigga fuck and then I fuck
That's how we do it (haha)
It's two niggas comin' up out the hood
Livin' life just as good as we could
But since a bitch can't be trusted
Hoes snitched to the po-lice, now my nigga's busted
The cops whoopin' on my nigga in jail
Tryin' to get a motherfucker to tell
And could nobody diss my nigga
Damn, I miss my nigga
Pour out a little liquor

Drinkin' on gin, smokin' on blunts and it's on
Reminisce about my niggas, that's dead and gone
And now they buried, sometimes my eyes still get blurry
Cause I'm losin' all my homies in a flurry
I got my back against a brick wall, trapped in a circle
Boxin with them suckers til my knuckles turn purple
Mama told me, "Son there'll be days like this"
Don't wanna think so - I hit the drink and stay blitzed
We had plans of bein big time G's
Rolling in mob cars, movin them keys
And now I roll up the window, blaze up some indo
Get to' down for my niggas in the pen, yo
Your son's gettin big and strong
And I'd love'm like one of my own, til you come home and
The years sure fly with the quickness
You do the time, and I'll keep handlin yo' business
That's the way it's supposed to be, homie
If it was me, you'd do the shit for me
Homie, I can remember scrappin' back to back
Throwin dogs on them suckers runnin up on this young hog
I hope my words can paint a perfect picture
And let you know how much a nigga miss ya
Pour out some liquor

Rollin' down the four-o-five
Gettin' high, white boys done wrecked their shit
To check my ride
I ain't bein' bootsy
Crusin' in a six-o Impala, drivin' like I'm in a hooptee
A Car full of ballin' cats
Keep yo hand on the strap and take all the craps
Niggas know my steelo
All legit, but I'm draped like a nigga movin' kilo
Shit don't stop, cause I can make that ass drop
Make the front hop
And hit the three-wheel-motion, all day hit the freeway
Take it easy, uh
Let's slide and pick up some hoochies
Ride, right back to the movies
High,, talkin' back to the screen, drinkin' liquor
Havin' big dreams of gettin' richer
I'm livin' that ...

Big Stretch represent the real nigga
Flex, Live Squad and this motherfucker catch wreck
(Thug Life)
Sharp as a rough knife
Shakin' the dice, we roll with nothin' nice
So the vice wanna follow us around, Raise up)
(Got 'em runnin' as we clown through the town, Blaze up)
(Another one, had to throw another gun
Don't need another case
You can see it on my face, son
But I ain't fallin' yet
And I gotta give a shout to my ballers at)
Mopreme, tell 'em why the hoes dream
Gettin' high of a nigga like a dope fiend

Man, I don't worry about the five-O
If they start cause it's all about survival
Just stay smart, keep your mind on your bank roll
Always stay ahead of these stank hoes
These days it's an all out cat race, and look at me
Just caught another catch case, that makes three
My laywer's gettin' cash, off that ass, don't even ask
Why I'm buck wild, don't smile, don't laugh
To the young G's comin' up; Peep game
Don't let the money make you change or act strange
Stay focused, all in together now
Keep pumpin' loud [?] the crowd put my top down
Is that 2Pac, Thug Life? Hell yeah
Tryna dirty up my name but I'm still here
Which way do I turn? I'm strapped
Lost in the storm I can't turn back with that ...

How long will they mourn me?
Yeah! This for my nigga Kato, it's still on nigga - believe that
We live a Thug Life, Thugs for Life, ha ha
(How long will they mourn me?) We handle this shit for you bwoy
Yeah nigga.. 2Pac in this motherfucker
All my homies drinkin' liquor, tears in everybody's eyes
Niggas cried, to mourn a homie's homicide
But I can't cry, instead I'm just a shoulder
Damn, why they take another soldier?
I load my clip before my eyes blurry, don't worry
I'll get them suckers back before you're buried (shit)
Retaliate and pull a one-eight-seven
Do real niggas get to go to heaven?
How long will they mourn me? Bury me a motherfuckin' G
Bitch don't wanna die; then, don't fuck with me
It's kinda hard to be optimistic
When your homie's lyin' dead on the pavement twisted
Y'all don't hear me doe, I'm tryin hard to make amends
But I'm losin' all my motherfuckin' friends.. damn!
They should've shot me when I was born
Now I'm trapped in the motherfuckin' storm
How long will they mourn me?

One of these days I'll, learn
Don't fuck with trick ass niggas
Cause they, turn
Into bitch ass niggas
I'm sick of being stuck in the county jail
My niggas clown, bring a pound when they're posting bail
Smoking blunts in the driveway
My 4-5 screaming, "fuck the police" won't fly away
Thug 'til I die, you wonder why I'm made this way
I wasn't turned out, I was raised this way
I'm thinking these, are the dreams of a young teen
Scheme, and stack green over crack fiends
One time can't hold me
One of these days, we gotta bust back for the homies
Locked down in the penitentiary
I'll finally lose my mind if the pigs succeed
I'm stressed, smoking weed and nicotine
But what a nigga really need is Thorazine
Right before I die, I'll be cursing the law
Reincarnated bitch, even worse than before
My 4-4's giving payback
My underhanded plan to get them niggas while they laid back
And Big Stretch hit the scene with the mini 14
Serving suckas like dope fiends and lead the whole team

(Yeah, look here though)
Running wild, I never smiled as a juvenile
Even now, I keep a frown when I come around
Don't ask me about the past, it was all bad
Shots blasted, will I last in the wrong path?
In the dark is where my heart saw the most grief
Motherfuckas is getting shanked over gold teeth
Am I sick cause I'm addicted to get splifted?
Watching stupid ass tricks get lifted
Nothing's changed cause in the game it's a steady aim
Fuck friends, cause when in danger them niggas change
Puff weed and stuff G's in my sock, G
Car keys and Hennessy, where the Glock be?
Times passing, will I last here another day?
I put my gun away and grab my AK
It's gettin' hectic, I can't call it
House full of alcoholics
Now a nigga's under pressure

June 16th, 1971
Mama gave birth to a Hell-raising heavenly son
See the doctor tried to smack me but I smacked him back
My first words was, "Thug for life" and "Papa, pass the MAC"
I'm busting on these motherfuckers balling
Listen you can hear my mini fourteen calling
From out the window of my drop top, I got my Glock cocked
Busting at niggas, when will it stop?
Now tell me are you scared of the dark? Can't close my eyes I see visions
And even with this thug living will I escape prison?
Penitentiary chances was an all day thang
The only way to advance; and if you slang
Then you'd better have yo' Nikes on
Cause when we fight it's in the middle of the night with no lights on, hey!!
There must be a God cause I feel lucky
Paranoid out my mind cause motherfuckers tryna rush me
Am I going to jail? Look at me bailing
Coming out the court house, all about my mail and bank
Never, never die I'll be a hustler, motherfuckers
And making thugs out you suckers from the cradle to the grave

I'm up before the sunrise, first to hit the block
Little bad muthafucka’ with a pocket full of rocks
Learn to throw them thangs, get my skinny little ass kicked
And niggas laugh til the first muthafucka’ got blasted
I put that nigga in his casket
Now they covering the bastard in plastic
I smoke blunts on the regular, buck when it counts
I'm trying to make a million dollars out a quarter-ounce
And getting ghost on the 5-0
Fuck them hoes
Got a .45, screaming out survival
Hey nigga, can I lay low? Cook some yay-yo
Holla "one-time" when I say so
Don't wanna to go to the pen, I'm hitting fences
NARCs on a nigga's back, missing me by inches
And they say: "how do you survive weighing 165
In a city where the skinny niggas die?"
Tell Mama "don't cry"
Cause even when they kill me
They can never take the game from a young G
I'm Str8 ballin'!

I'm still on parole, but I'm the first nigga serving
Pour some liquor on the curb for my niggas that deserve it
But if I want to make a million, gotta stay dealing
It's kinda booming round the way and today I'll make a killing
Dressing down like I’m dirty, but only on the block
It's a clever disguise to keep me running from the cops
I'm getting high, I think I'll die if I don't get no ends
I'm in a bucket, but I’m riding it like it's a Benz
I hit the strip, let my music bump
Drinking liquor and I'm looking for some hoes to fuck
Rather die making money than live poor and legal
As I slang another ounce, I wish it was a kilo
I need money in a major way
Time to fuck my beyach! Ha! And getting paid
You other muthafuckers crawlin'
But me and my muthafuckin' thug niggas, We str8 ballin'!!!

Damned if I don't, and damned if a nigga do
So watch a young motherfucker pull a trigger just to raise up!
But don't let them see you cry, dry your eyes
Young nigga, time to do or die
I keep a pistol in my pocket, ready
On my block ain't no time for a nigga to even cock shit
And I done seen a muthafucka’ peep pain
At point-blank range cause he slept on the game
And ain't a damned thing changed
You shaking the dice, now roll em
If you can't stand pain, better hold em
Cause ain't no telling what you might roll
You might fold, catch AIDS from a slight cold Nigga
Best to live your life to the fullest
Be quick to kill the bull
Got a pistol, motherfucker, better pull it
Cause even when they kill me, they can never
Take the game from a young G. We st8 ballin'!

To my niggas in the penitentiary
Loc up like a motherfucka when they mention me
Cause you fuckin' with the realest motherfucka ever born
And, once again, it's on
I'm busting on these bitches till they gone
Now who the hell can you get to stop me?
I'm in the projects, parlaying with my posse
I keep my Glock cocked
Nigga, cause they all shady
I finally made it, now these jealous bitches trying to fade me!
I ain't going out, I'd rather blast back
I'm on the corner with my niggas watching cash stack
And I came up a long way from food stamps
And taking shit from these low-life ghetto tramps
How could you blame me?
If they sweat me I'mma open fire!
What could I do? Pull my trigger or watch my nigga die
I'm representing to the fullest, giving devil slugs
I'm on the block slanging drugs with the young thugs
And motherfucka, we be ballin'!
All motherfuckin day long! Stay strong! We str8 ballin


