Bury Me a G by Thug Life
[Verse 1: 2Pac]
Thinking back, reminiscing on my teens
A young G getting paid over dope fiends
Fucking off cash that I made
Nigga, what's the sense of working hard if you never get to play
I'm hustling, staying out till it's dawn
And coming home at 6 o'Clock in the morning
Hand's on my Glock, eyes on the prize
Finger on the trigger when a nigga ride
Shooting craps, busting niggas out the door
Pick my money off the floor, God bless the tre-four
Stuck on full, drunk again
Sipping on gin with a couple of friends
Say them Thug Life niggas be like major pimps
Sticking to the rules was a major sin
And if I die, let it be
But when it come for me, bury me a G
[Chorus x2: 2Pac]
I ain't got time for bitches
Gotta keep my mind on my motherfucking riches
Even when I die, they won't worry me
Mama don't cry, bury me a G
Verse 2: [Mopreme]
More trouble than the average
Just made 25 and I'm living like a savage
Being a G, it ain't no easy thing
Cause you could fuck around, get crossed and get stuck in the game
And for the rest of your life you will sit and reminisce
Wonder why it had to end like this
And to the G's you can feel my pain
Until the motherfucker gets born again
[Verse 3: Rated R]
You thought it was a game kid, I'm not the nigga for playing game
I let my buckshots ring when I pull the trigger on my gauge
I'm on the rampage making runs for the Devil
Ain't nothing on my mind will get me into trouble
I'm tryna ride no more loves for me hard to figure
Get a nigga, smoke a blunt or it's a jury starts (Break yo self)
I gives a fuck nigga stuck outta luck when I bust
Pull me to my death but I'm a G to the enemy
[Hook x2]
[Verse 4: Big Syke]
I got nothing to lose so I choose to be a killer
Went from banging to slanging, now I'm a dope dealer
All my life paid the price to be the boss
Back to school, broke the rules on getting tossed
Popping rocks on the block was a past time
Pack a .9 all the time, you wanna test mine?
Don't cry, I die before they play me
From the cradle to the grave, bury me G
[Verse 5: Macadoshis]
Straight thug kicking it with the homies in the hood
Getting drunk, smoking blunts, my bitch said I'm no good
I gives a fuck I spend my time in the dope spot
Never had no time for no bitch instead slanging rocks
And busting caps on you punk ass marks
Fake ass G's, bitch niggas with no heart
I'm staying real till I'm 6 feet deep
So when a nigga gone, just bury me a G
[Hook x2]
[2Pac]
Stuck on full, Tanqueray got a nigga high
Lord knows I don't need another DUI
I led a Thug Life, heartless hustler
Just cause I fuck don't mean I trust her
Now my pagers vibrating, can't sleep
So I'm mobbing to the ho's house, bumping Isley
"Is it cool to fuck?" Is what I'm asking
Bitch recognize game and started laughing
Now I'm all in those guts and shit
Praying that a nigga don't nut too quick
Cause I'll fuck and get up, I'll let you know
I'll be a 10 minute brother for a $2 ho
Lots of ho's get mad and shit
I let a trick be a trick, you can have that bitch
Cause I doubt if I change, the game's a motherfucker
Real niggas turn to busters, Bury Me a G
[Hook x6]

Don't Get it Twisted by Thug Life
[Verse 1: Mopreme]
Just cause a nigga calm an' he got style
Don't think I won't flip and
Don't pull your file
But I got enough bullshit to deal with
I'm rollin' with the thugs so
You must be on drugs to the head
Get your ass break down
Broken half baby
I'm a feelin' like a motherfuckin' psychopath
And if you got beef best leave it in the freezer
I'm no joke
Mopreme straight loc'd
And you could get smoked
Your hooker she can get stroked
And all of that
And later be back for your motherfuckin' dope sack
Kid it ain't the type of day to play grownup
Don't get your ass sewn up
Why you leakin' on my blown out
Hey, you're mixed up like a bowl of nuts
You fucked around and got it twisted up
Boy, don't get it twisted
[Hook x 2]
("You know who you're fuckin' with?")
Don't get it twisted
Don't get it twisted
Don't get it twisted
Don't get it twisted
[Verse 2: Macadoshis]
It's the Macadoshis coming from the dark side
The parkside where the O.G's hoo ride
Ain't nothing but killas in the park
As many niggas lost they heart
When my gat sparks
I'll bust a cap in that ass
Don't get it twisted
When I'm on a mission, niggas come up missin'
You bustas gettin' disciplined
And you're comin' up short on your life
When I split you with this mac-10
When it's on it's on
Fuck it
I'm makin' niggas kick the bucket when I jack em' for they duckets
Ain't no thing to let my shit spit
You on my shit list, punk you got a death wish
I tried to warn you but you missed it
You should have listened motherfucker when I said:
Don't get it twisted!
[Hook x2]
[Verse 3: Rated R]
Niggas got problems about gettin' shit twisted
They need to stay the fuck out of grown folks business
Kids get a kick out of bumpin' their big lips
But don't front on shit an' won't no shit be started, uh!
Cause I'm a cold hearted rider straight thuggin'
That's influenced by the streets
Never love nobody but my heat
East side brothers don't hear me though
They'd rather get shit twisted and gossip like hoes
Bitch made ass niggas what I call 'em
Couldn't bust a grape if they wanted
They're soft like Charmin
But I don't sweat varmints
I stomp 'em with my black boots
Just a one-day murder
On the motherfuckin' Rudy blue
I snatch ya souls up
Ain't no damn thing funny when I spray your ass with my tongue
And your mommy can't save you now
Cause you done got twisted up
For fuckin' with a killa
[Hook x 7]

Shit Don't Stop by Thug Life
[Intro x2]
Shit don't stop
[Verse 1: 2Pac]
Game rules often slang to the right fools
Heavy hittin' at this motherfucker's straight spittin'
Digging deep into your brain
While trying to explain why real niggas need to stick to the game
It's the shame got these motherfuckers changin' on me
Jealous-ass player-haters gaming on me
Look out motherfucker, I'm a G
As in gettin' motherfuckers 'fore they come get me
Get down for the right for the wishes
Fake ass nigga, you in shit, for fightin' over bitches
You call that a player? Straight sissy
See me at my show nigga miss me
Cause I ain't tryin' to hear that bullshit
Got a pistol motherfucker try to pull quick
And just cause I'm rapping, it don't mean I ain't scrapping
And if you clip when the shit happens
It don't stop
[Hook: Y.N.V.]
Now my guess is true
Them thug life niggas is a bull
Everywhere we go
The niggas trippin' at the door
I want to dance with you
You can dance underwater and not get wet
[Verse 2: Macadoshis & Rated R]
M: See the shit don't stop, my 9 goes pop
Your body drip-drop, throw that ass in a zip-loc
R: Now you've been hauled away in a body bag
Get your Sammy D said how your blood got sneeze me
M: Yo, you fuckin' with a thug, yo your ass gets plugged
With this hollow-point slugs with ya under the rug
R: That's why my deaf niggas don't play that shit
And thug life niggas be the craziest
M: So when you think about fuckin' this, you better wear a vest
But it really don't matter, we ain't aimin' at your chest
R: Nah we blowing holes in your motherfuckin' skull
Make sure your ass is smoked, that's all the fat lady wrote
M: You heard that fat bitch sing when my shit went bang-bang
But it don't pay when I flaunt your brain
R: Nigga, ain't no plain cane brothers come no show in the casket
Git'n they ass kicked and blasted
It don't stop
[Hook]
[Verse 3: Mopreme & Syke]
M: All I wanna do is try to Mac the hoes
Spend bank on things selling me a sponsor on my foes
It's like each and every one they got the look of death
I got my 9 nigga, don't be silly, watch your step
S: And pussies we crossing when my crew is flossing
Bitches we tossing, and niggas we crossing
It's like a murder rhyme when we hit your hood
It's all good, the punks, I wished you would
M: Wouldn't better to just corrolate what we bust
Instead of kickin' dust gets a press y'all from nuts
Cause ain't no herbs here and ain't no marks
Beware of the water cause they full of sharks
S: But in every state, niggas perpetrate and test
Where I come from fools die for less
And thugs keep thuggin' 'til their casket drop
It's on 'till I die and the shit don't stop
[Hook x2]

Pour Out a Little Liquor by Thug Life
[Intro]
Yeah, pour out a little liquor for your homies nigga
This one here go out to my nigga Mike Coolie
(Light up a fat one for this one)
How you come up man?
[Verse 1]
I started young, kickin' dust and livin' rough
You watch your mouth around my mama you couldn't cuss, man
I had a down ass homie though; we ran the streets
And on the scene at the age of fourteen, huh
I packed a nine and my nigga packed a forty-five
We drinkin' forties, lil' shorties livin' naughty lives
You couldn't stop us, long as I got my Glock, fuck the coppers
Hangin' on the block, slangin' rocks and makin' profits
I couldn't fuck with the school life, I was a fool
I'll play that motherfucker for a tool, man
Tonight'll be the night that's what we thinkin'
Hustlin' in the rain felt no pain cause we drinkin'
Playin' them hoes like manure
First let my nigga fuck and then I fuck
That's how we do it (haha)
It's two niggas comin' up out the hood
Livin' life just as good as we could
But since a bitch can't be trusted
Hoes snitched to the po-lice, now my nigga's busted
The cops whoopin' on my nigga in jail
Tryin' to get a motherfucker to tell
And could nobody diss my nigga
Damn, I miss my nigga
Pour out a little liquor
"My cousin died last year and I still can't let go" (4X)
This goes out to all you so called G's
Pour out a little liquor for your real motherfuckin partners
Don't let the drink get like that y'all, huh
Pour out a little liquor
Pour out a little liquor
What's that you drinkin on?
[Verse 2]
Drinkin' on gin, smokin' on blunts and it's on
Reminisce about my niggas, that's dead and gone
And now they buried, sometimes my eyes still get blurry
Cause I'm losin' all my homies in a flurry
I got my back against a brick wall, trapped in a circle
Boxin with them suckers til my knuckles turn purple
Mama told me, "Son there'll be days like this"
Don't wanna think so - I hit the drink and stay blitzed
We had plans of bein big time G's
Rolling in mob cars, movin them keys
And now I roll up the window, blaze up some indo
Get to' down for my niggas in the pen, yo
Your son's gettin big and strong
And I'd love'm like one of my own, til you come home and
The years sure fly with the quickness
You do the time, and I'll keep handlin yo' business
That's the way it's supposed to be, homie
If it was me, you'd do the shit for me
Homie, I can remember scrappin' back to back
Throwin dogs on them suckers runnin up on this young hog
I hope my words can paint a perfect picture
And let you know how much a nigga miss ya
Pour out some liquor
"My cousin died last year and I still can't let go"
Look at you
Drinkin got you where you don't even give respect to your partners
Pour out some liquor, nigga
It ain't like that
Tip that shit over
Pour out a little liquor
"My cousin died last year and I still can't let go" (4X)
[Outro]
This for my nigga Madman
Dagz, Hood, Silk, yeah
A little liquor for my homies, y'all
We in this motherfuckin' piece, yeah
Pour out a little liquor
Young Queen, yeah
This one goes out to all my mack partners
Back in the motherfuckin' bay
Oaktown still in the motherfuckin' house
(Pour out a little liquor)
My nigga Richie Rich, Gov'na
(I don't care, Nighttrain, Henessey)
All my real motherfuckin' partners
(Pour out a little liquor)
And all my real partners in Marin, fuck you busta ass niggas
Yeah nigga, pour out a little liquor!!

Stay True by Thug Life
[Intro: 2Pac]
Yeah nigga, drop the top on your motherfuckin' ride
This how we do it on the West Coast, baby
[Verse 1: 2Pac]
Rollin' down the four-o-five
Gettin' high, white boys done wrecked their shit
To check my ride
I ain't bein' bootsy
Crusin' in a six-o Impala, drivin' like I'm in a hooptee
A Car full of ballin' cats
Keep yo hand on the strap and take all the craps
Niggas know my steelo
All legit, but I'm draped like a nigga movin' kilo
Shit don't stop, cause I can make that ass drop
Make the front hop
And hit the three-wheel-motion, all day hit the freeway
Take it easy, uh
Let's slide and pick up some hoochies
Ride, right back to the movies
High,, talkin' back to the screen, drinkin' liquor
Havin' big dreams of gettin' richer
I'm livin' that ...
[Hook: 2Pac, Mopreme & Stretch]
Thug life
Y'all know the rules
Gotta do what 'cha gotta do (Stay true!)
Yeah, thug life
Y'all know the rules
Gotta do what 'cha gotta do (Stay true!)
Uh, thug life
Y'all know the rules
Gotta do what 'cha gotta do (Stay true!)
Yeah, thug life
Y'all know the rules
Gotta do what 'cha gotta do (Stay true!)
[Verse 2: 2Pac & Stretch]
Big Stretch represent the real nigga
Flex, Live Squad and this motherfucker catch wreck
(Thug Life
Sharp as a rough knife
Shakin' the dice, we roll [?] with nothin' nice
So the vice wanna follow us around, Raise up)
(Got 'em runnin' as we clown through the town, Blaze up)
(Another one, had to throw another gun
Don't need another case
You can see it on my face, son
But I ain't fallin' yet
And I gotta give a shout to my ballers at)
Mopreme, tell 'em why the hoes dream
Gettin' high of a nigga like a dope fiend
[Verse 3: Mopreme]
Cause I'm non-stop and I'm always hustlin'
24/7, ain't nothin' [?]
But when a young G's flippin' keys for a livin'
Try to make a mill of the time that I'm givin'
Trippin'
Mad
I'm crazy
Can't nobody fade me
And I been goin' insane lately
And everybody tryna hold me back
I'm 'bout to snap
You better move back
You know I led a ...
[Hook: 2Pac, Mopreme & Stretch]
Thug life
Y'all know the rules
Gotta do what 'cha gotta do (Stay true!)
Thug life
Y'all know the rules
Gotta do what 'cha gotta do (Stay true!)
Thug life
Y'all know the rules
Gotta do what 'cha gotta do (Stay true!)
Thug life
Y'all know the rules
Gotta do what 'cha gotta do (Stay true!)
[Verse 4: 2Pac]
Man, I don't worry about the five-O
If they start cause it's all about survival
Just stay smart, keep your mind on your bank roll
Always stay ahead of these stank hoes
These days it's an all out cat race, and look at me
Just caught another catch case, that makes three
My laywer's gettin' cash, off that ass, don't even ask
Why I'm buck wild, don't smile, don't laugh
To the young G's comin' up; Peep game
Don't let the money make you change or act strange
Stay focused, all in together now
Keep pumpin' loud [?] the crowd put my top down
Is that 2Pac, Thug Life? Hell yeah
Tryna dirty up my name but I'm still here
Which way do I turn? I'm strapped
Lost in the storm I can't turn back with that ...
[Hook: 2Pac, Mopreme & Stretch]
Thug life
Y'all know the rules
Gotta do what 'cha gotta do (Stay true!)
Thug life
Y'all know the rules
Gotta do what 'cha gotta do (Stay true!)
Thug life
Y'all know the rules
Gotta do what 'cha gotta do (Stay true!)
Thug life
Y'all know the rules
Gotta do what 'cha gotta do (Stay true!)

How Long Will They Mourn Me by Thug Life
[2Pac]
How long will they mourn me?
Yeah! This for my nigga Kato, it's still on nigga - believe that
We live a Thug Life, Thugs for Life, ha ha
(How long will they mourn me?) We handle this shit for you bwoy
Yeah nigga.. 2Pac in this motherfucker
All my homies drinkin' liquor, tears in everybody's eyes
Niggas cried, to mourn a homie's homicide
But I can't cry, instead I'm just a shoulder
Damn, why they take another soldier?
I load my clip before my eyes blurry, don't worry
I'll get them suckers back before you're buried (shit)
Retaliate and pull a one-eight-seven
Do real niggas get to go to heaven?
How long will they mourn me? Bury me a motherfuckin' G
Bitch don't wanna die; then, don't fuck with me
It's kinda hard to be optimistic
When your homie's lyin' dead on the pavement twisted
Y'all don't hear me doe, I'm tryin hard to make amends
But I'm losin' all my motherfuckin' friends.. damn!
They should've shot me when I was born
Now I'm trapped in the motherfuckin' storm
How long will they mourn me?
[Hook: Nate Dogg + 2Pac]
[Nate] I wish it would have been another
[2Pac] How long will they mourn me?
[Nate] How long.. will they mourn.. my brother
(Half them niggas all dead and shit)
[2Pac] How long will they mourn me?
[Nate] I wish it would have been another
(Dedicated this to Kato nigga, and e'ry thug)
[2Pac] How long will they mourn me?
[Nate] How long.. will they mourn.. my brother
(Yo nigga, we gotta keep this shit goin' on, yo Syke)
[Big Syke]
How long will they mourn me? Every motherfuckin' day homie
You stayed down when the other niggas didn't know me
From my heart to the trigger you my fuckin' nigga
And things won't be the same without ya nigga
I remember kickin' back, you wanted a 'llac
And goin' half on a motherfuckin' hundred sack
Smokin' blunt after blunt, and steady drinkin'
Hung around so much, you knew what I was thinkin'
Tell me Lord, why you take big Kato?
So confused not knowing which way to go
I'm goin' crazy and runnin' out of fuckin' time
I can't take it, I'm losin' my fuckin' mind
So day after day, ride after ride
We'll hook up on the other side
Watch over your family and your newborn
Till we meet again homie - how long will they mourn me?
[Hook: Nate Dogg + Big Syke]
[Nate] I wish it would have been another (Big Kato)
[Syke] How long will they mourn me? (It's still on nigga)
[Nate] How long.. will they mourn.. my brother
[Syke] How long will they mourn me?
[Nate] I wish it would have been another (Yeah)
[Syke] How long will they mourn me?
[Nate] How long.. will they mourn.. my brother
[Syke] Rated R (Double Jeapordy) Mac 10
[The Rated R]
Damn, a nigga tired of feelin' sad, I'm tired of puttin' in work
I'm tired of cryin' watchin' my homies leave the - earth
I know soon one day I'll be in the dirt
And my peoples'll be mournin', when they get a call from the coroner
All niggas can say is that's fucked up
And get tossed up, reminiscin' how we grew up (my nigga)
Rest and love to my nigga Kato, see you in the crossroads real soon
For now let me pour out some brew
I'll be always thinkin' of ya homie
Rest in peace.. how long will they mourn me?
[Macadoshis/"Mac 10"]
We know life's a fuckin' trip, and everybody gotta go
But why the fuck it have to be my nigga Kato?
Another nigga fell victim to the chrome
It's enough to make you crazy, it's fuckin with my dome
Ya only live once on this earth
A nigga had it bad, since the day, of my motherfuckin' birth (uh)
But niggas say they down and they always be my homie
But when a nigga gone, how long will ya mourn me? (YEAH!)
[Hook: Nate Dogg + 2Pac]
[Nate] I wish it would have been another
(Mac 10 in this motherfucker, yeah!)
[2Pac] How long will you mourn me?!
[Nate] How long.. will they mourn.. my brother
(Thug Life boy, Nate, blowin that shit)
[Nate] I wish it would have been another
(Nate Dogg do that shit nigga, yeah)
[2Pac] How long will you mourn me?!
[Nate] How long.. will they mourn.. my brother
(This for my nigga Kato, and all his kids)
[2Pac] How long will you mourn me?!
[Nate] I wish it would have been another
[Nate] How long.. will they mourn.. my brother
{​*fades out*}​

Under Pressure by Thug Life
[Intro: 2Pac]
Under pressure
Yeah, baby
When the pressure's on
Thug life
When it's on it's on
[Verse 1: 2Pac]
One of these days I'll, learn
Don't fuck with trick ass niggas
Cause they, turn
Into bitch ass niggas
I'm sick of being stuck in the county jail
My niggas clown, bring a pound when they're posting bail
Smoking blunts in the driveway
My 4-5 screaming, "fuck the police" won't fly away
Thug 'til I die, you wonder why I'm made this way
I wasn't turned out, I was raised this way
I'm thinking these, are the dreams of a young teen
Scheme, and stack green over crack fiends
One time can't hold me
One of these days, we gotta bust back for the homies
Locked down in the penitentiary
I'll finally lose my mind if the pigs succeed
I'm stressed, smoking weed and nicotine
But what a nigga really need is Thorazine
Right before I die, I'll be cursing the law
Reincarnated bitch, even worse than before
My 4-4's giving payback
My underhanded plan to get them niggas while they laid back
And Big Stretch hit the scene with the mini 14
Serving suckas like dope fiends and lead the whole team
[Interlude: 2Pac]
Under pressure, nigga
That's right
[Verse 2: Stretch]
Never run, throw your gun in the air, oh yeah
Nigga bust ain't no time to spare
Cause a ruckus mothafucker and we fuck shit up
And with the stainless steel razors, boy, we cut shit up
Flash and blast a nigga with the quickness
Cock the 4-pound motherfucker when I spit this and rip this
Damn, my mind is in the depths of hell
But when I'm walking on the street kid my name rings bells
And I never fell, nigga, I stand too tall
I'm just a thug motherfucker who was born to brawl
Giving my all, some niggas wanna bring it to me
So I'ma sell my cocaine, and lay their ass down, G
[Interlude: Stretch]
Under Pressure
[Verse 3: 2Pac]
(Yeah, look here though)
Running wild, I never smiled as a juvenile
Even now, I keep a frown when I come around
Don't ask me about the past, it was all bad
Shots blasted, will I last in the wrong path?
In the dark is where my heart saw the most grief
Motherfuckas is getting shanked over gold teeth
Am I sick cause I'm addicted to get splifted?
Watching stupid ass tricks get lifted
Nothing's changed cause in the game it's a steady aim
Fuck friends, cause when in danger them niggas change
Puff weed and stuff G's in my sock, G
Car keys and Hennessy, where the Glock be?
Times passing, will I last here another day?
I put my gun away and grab my AK
It's gettin' hectic, I can't call it
House full of alcoholics
Now a nigga's under pressure
[Interlude: 2Pac]
Yeah, that's right
Under Pressure, we're niggas under pressure
Yeah
[Outro: 2Pac & Stretch]
When the pressure's on it's a hit
Ski mask, extra Gats, bring the clips
Don't nobody move when we walk the streets
They stay silent, cause talk is cheap
When the pressure's on it's a hit
Ski mask, extra Gats, bring the clips
Don't nobody move when we walk the streets
They stay silent, cause talk is cheap
When the pressure's on it's a hit
Ski mask, extra Gats, bring the clips
Don't nobody move when we walk the streets
They stay silent, cause talk is cheap
When the pressure's on it's a hit
Ski mask, extra Gats, bring the clips
Don't nobody move when we walk the streets
They stay silent, cause talk is cheap
When the pressure's on it's a hit
Ski mask, extra Gats, bring the clips
Don't nobody move when we walk the streets
They stay silent, cause talk is cheap
You know when the pressure's on it's a hit
Ski mask, extra Gats, bring the clips
Don't nobody move when we walk the streets
They stay silent, cause talk is cheap
And you know, when the pressure's on it's a hit
Ski mask, extra Gats, bring the clips
Don't nobody move when we walk the streets
They stay silent, cause talk is cheap
When the pressure's on it's a hit
Ski mask, extra Gats, bring the clips
Don't nobody move when we walk the streets
They stay silent, cause talk is cheap
When the pressure's on it's a hit
Ski mask, extra Gats, bring the clips
Don't nobody move when we walk the streets
They stay silent, cause talk is cheap
When the pressure's on it's a hit
Ski mask, extra Gats, bring the clips
Don't nobody move when we walk the streets
They stay silent, cause talk is cheap

Street Fame by Thug Life
[Mopreme]
It was a dope spot front yard, one on one strappin
That's the way it was way before all the scrappin
Earned my fuckin props from the G's in the hood
Put in work, did some dirt, never snitched, never would
Rollin the fat Jaguars with my nigga P blowin up
Time comin back sippin Henessey
Seventeen years old and I felt like God mad rich
And I had my pick of any fine bitch
And my family was known to be great, seen slightly more
Representin no matter who sets it on
Street power, why you niggas flip and you thug shit
I be bout my motherfuckin grip, nothin else
Gets between me and mine, just remember that
Damn it's a shame, but still I'm in the game
I'm tryin to get street fame
[Hook]
"I'm a superstar..", "I'm a superstar.."
"I'm a superstar, made it by street fame"
"I'm a superstar..", "I'm a superstar.."
"I'm a superstar, made it by street fame"
[Big Syke]
Don't blame my mama, don't blame my daddy
I know they wish they never had me
In and out of jail by twelve, failin out of school
Cause I was livin by the street rules
Hangin with hogs, droppin dawgs as a little loc
I was gettin my respect but I was still broke
Into the game and expanded to the cocaine
Went from double-ups, to slangin them whole thangs
Focused on my mail name ringin like a bell
And even with no proof they gonna put me in jail
Everbody says he's sold and I'm outta control
Motherfuckers gossip but I still roll (nigga)
Bitches want my cash on my dash of my cockpit
They wouldn't know a motherfucker if he didn't have shit
So while I'm ballin and kickin up dust, get yo' skull crushed
Bitch-made niggas know not to fuck with us
Cause I'm livin on the edge, I'm blastin lead
Wanted by the Feds, they got to take me dead
So fuck it drive a bucket in the inner city
In the land of no pity, I made it by the street fame
[Hook] - 2X
[The Rated R]
I'm a super star, made it by street fame
I had to make some people feel the pain, in this dirty game
I know I'm on my way to hellll
Ain't no yellow bricked road for all the niggas that I done smoked
The hood done took me under, a nigga gots no heart
Don't get it twisted cause I'm there with my homey's car
I kill for my niggas, my niggas kill for me
That's the love you get, from the drunk one, you put in work see
I'm a G with a gang of niggas after
Tryin to peal me, cause I smoked they homey
What comes around goes around is what makes it worse
I smoke blunts all day to keep my mind off a hearse
They don't stop stop til my casket drop drop
Let me ride, but all I want, thou shalt not beef or die
And it don't matter if I rap or plays
Cause I blow out back of some minds, fuck the fame
[Hook]
".. made it by street fame"
{​*repeat to the end*}​

Cradle to the Grave by Thug Life
[Intro]
From the cradle to the grave
Life ain't never been easy
Living in the ghetto
From the cradle to the grave
Life ain't never been easy
[Verse 1: 2Pac]
June 16th, 1971
Mama gave birth to a Hell-raising heavenly son
See the doctor tried to smack me but I smacked him back
My first words was, "Thug for life" and "Papa, pass the MAC"
I'm busting on these motherfuckers balling
Listen you can hear my mini fourteen calling
From out the window of my drop top, I got my Glock cocked
Busting at niggas, when will it stop?
Now tell me are you scared of the dark? Can't close my eyes I see visions
And even with this thug living will I escape prison?
Penitentiary chances was an all day thang
The only way to advance; and if you slang
Then you'd better have yo' Nikes on
Cause when we fight it's in the middle of the night with no lights on, hey!!
There must be a God cause I feel lucky
Paranoid out my mind cause motherfuckers tryna rush me
Am I going to jail? Look at me bailing
Coming out the court house, all about my mail and bank
Never, never die I'll be a hustler, motherfuckers
And making thugs out you suckers from the cradle to the grave
[Hook]
From the cradle to the grave
Life ain't never been easy
Living in the ghetto
[Verse 2: Mopreme]
From the cradle to the grave since a little bitty child
I've been known to get ill and kinda buck wild
Pop pop! Just like the part that's in my walk with street talk
I'm running up the block in the dark where lead spark
Surveillance on a nigga every day
Waiting on my daddy just to take his ass away
Now Mama always working tryna make ends meet
So now a young nigga's being raised by the streets
And then the only other one that ever showed me love
Was my dope fiend uncle strung out on drugs
A straight thug, just me, my mama out here on our own
So I got two gats,one black and one of chrome
Now I don't wanna hurt nobody but I must defend mine!
It's all the fuck I got, so stop and walk a thin line
Young niggas be brave
And keep on thugging from the cradle to the grave
From the cradle to the grave
[Hook]
From the cradle to the grave
Life ain't never been easy
Living in the ghetto
[Verse 3: The Rated R]
From the cradle to the grave, I'm glad to say, I made it this far
Many G's died hogs and all they got was they name hit up on a wall
It's sad thinking about the times
Life goes on, I'm steady lost in this land
That's the war zone, I gots no home, don't have no friends neither
It's just me by my lonely so I married my Nina
I keeps her wherever I go, I love my ho
Never leave home with out my sugar, I'm have to plug a nigga
Mama told me not to trust no punks
And kick his ass if he lay a hand on me since then I been knowing
Sometimes I think my own self stupid
Cause I stay shooting at marks, get twisted up in police reports
Since the cradle, I've been ungrateful
My first toy was a gun I got sprung and learned to love weapons
But now I'm through with money, and through with street fame
Somebody peeled my cap, and put me in my grave
[Hook] (x2)
From the cradle to the grave
Life ain't never been easy
Livin in the ghetto
[Verse 4: Macadoshis]
March 18th, a rainy day my mama gave birth
To a baby boy trapped in hell on Earth
From day one it wasn't fun I never had a crumb
Daddy worked two jobs and Mama won't stop drinkin rum
I tried to cope loc, but my family's broke
And my pocket's short so now I got ta slang dope
In the game filled with pain it's a fuckin shame
The white man got a motherfucker slangin 'caine
So now it's on from dusk to dawn I'm gettin my serve on
Always in the spot with my Glock slingin rocks at the Rox
The shit don't stop, I'm steady dodgin cops
I never flip-flop, hear my Glock cock, thug 'til I drop
And if I hit the pen I gotta do my time
Sittin on my bunk reminiscin bout the good times
It's fucked up a nigga gotta grow up doin dirt
But from the cradle to the grave I'mma put in work
[Hook] (x2)
From the cradle to the grave
Life ain't never been easy
Livin in the ghetto
[Verse 5: Big Syke]
Time's movin fast, will I last another day?
So I pray and I lay with my A-K
Did I sell my soul as a young kid?
All the things I did wishin someone held me but they never did
I can't take it, will I make it to my older age?
Before I'm shot up or locked up in a fuckin cage
Lord help me, guide me, save me!
Cause that's the way that Daddy raised me, crazy
Do or die, nigga pull the trigger don't give a fuck
You'd rather be in jail than get yo' ass bucked
Nobody cares, it's me against the world
Keepin murder on my mind and my tec-9
I got nothin to lose, payin dues, nigga you wanna die?
I get high and then my mission is a walk-by
You'd better jet when I hit your set cause I'm comin
Start runnin yellin "evil mind" as I'm gunnin
One in the chamber for the anger that I build inside
For the mothers that cried, for my homies that died
The beginning is an ending, am I just a slave?
So I got to be brave from the cradle to the grave
[Hook] (x2)
From the cradle to the grave
Life ain't never been easy
Livin in the ghetto
*fading out*

Str8 Ballin' by Thug Life
[Intro]
I would share the definition of ballin’
With you white folks, but no
The game is to be sold not told, so fuck you
[Hook]
I'm just living and a lovin'
Waiting for the moment
When you've got time to kill
[Verse 1]
I'm up before the sunrise, first to hit the block
Little bad muthafucka’ with a pocket full of rocks
Learn to throw them thangs, get my skinny little ass kicked
And niggas laugh til the first muthafucka’ got blasted
I put that nigga in his casket
Now they covering the bastard in plastic
I smoke blunts on the regular, buck when it counts
I'm trying to make a million dollars out a quarter-ounce
And getting ghost on the 5-0
Fuck them hoes
Got a .45, screaming out survival
Hey nigga, can I lay low? Cook some yay-yo
Holla "one-time" when I say so
Don't wanna to go to the pen, I'm hitting fences
NARCs on a nigga's back, missing me by inches
And they say: "how do you survive weighing 165
In a city where the skinny niggas die?"
Tell Mama "don't cry"
Cause even when they kill me
They can never take the game from a young G
I'm Str8 ballin'!
[Hook]
[Verse 2]
I'm still on parole, but I'm the first nigga serving
Pour some liquor on the curb for my niggas that deserve it
But if I want to make a million, gotta stay dealing
It's kinda booming round the way and today I'll make a killing
Dressing down like I’m dirty, but only on the block
It's a clever disguise to keep me running from the cops
I'm getting high, I think I'll die if I don't get no ends
I'm in a bucket, but I’m riding it like it's a Benz
I hit the strip, let my music bump
Drinking liquor and I'm looking for some hoes to fuck
Rather die making money than live poor and legal
As I slang another ounce, I wish it was a kilo
I need money in a major way
Time to fuck my beyach! Ha! And getting paid
You other muthafuckers crawlin'
But me and my muthafuckin' thug niggas, We str8 ballin'!!!
[Hook]
Look here, y'all know what time it is
This the part where y'all loc up
Know what I'm sayin'?
Doing 55, nigga, do time
The police right behind
They can't see me, they wanna be me
Str8 muthafuckin' ballin'
Start letting it off, nigga this 94, and niggas want mo'
That's how it's goin down my muthafuckin' nigga
Bulletproof vests and all, you know?
[Verse 3]
Damned if I don't, and damned if a nigga do
So watch a young motherfucker pull a trigger just to raise up!
But don't let them see you cry, dry your eyes
Young nigga, time to do or die
I keep a pistol in my pocket, ready
On my block ain't no time for a nigga to even cock shit
And I done seen a muthafucka’ peep pain
At point-blank range cause he slept on the game
And ain't a damned thing changed
You shaking the dice, now roll em
If you can't stand pain, better hold em
Cause ain't no telling what you might roll
You might fold, catch AIDS from a slight cold Nigga
Best to live your life to the fullest
Be quick to kill the bull
Got a pistol, motherfucker, better pull it
Cause even when they kill me, they can never
Take the game from a young G. We st8 ballin'!
[Hook]
They have you niggas believe you bout to die
When we really coming up like a muthafucka
Just str8 ballin', know what I'm sayin'?
Fuck that small-time nickel-and-dime shit
If you gonna do it, do it nigga
If you want it, pursue it!
We can handle the shit
It's time for niggas to stay ballin'!
We made this muthafucka! For who?
[Verse 4]
To my niggas in the penitentiary
Loc up like a motherfucka when they mention me
Cause you fuckin' with the realest motherfucka ever born
And, once again, it's on
I'm busting on these bitches till they gone
Now who the hell can you get to stop me?
I'm in the projects, parlaying with my posse
I keep my Glock cocked
Nigga, cause they all shady
I finally made it, now these jealous bitches trying to fade me!
I ain't going out, I'd rather blast back
I'm on the corner with my niggas watching cash stack
And I came up a long way from food stamps
And taking shit from these low-life ghetto tramps
How could you blame me?
If they sweat me I'mma open fire!
What could I do? Pull my trigger or watch my nigga die
I'm representing to the fullest, giving devil slugs
I'm on the block slanging drugs with the young thugs
And motherfucka, we be ballin'!
All motherfuckin day long! Stay strong! We str8 ballin


